A "Netflix for books" that offers a large catalog of free ebooks.
A "virtual WiFi router" that routes all of your traffic through the Tor network.
A "white hat" tool for hacking your own password hashes.
A .NET library for accessing and querying the Google Sheets API.
A .NET library for managing the state of your application and making it accessible from other processes.
A 2D RPG game written in Python using the Pygame library.
A 2D action RPG game for the Nintendo Switch.
A 2D game engine and set of libraries for building games in Python.
A 2D game engine for mobile and desktop platforms.
A 2D game engine written in C++ that is designed to work on almost any platform.
A 2D game engine written in Go.
A 2D game engine written in Python that uses the Pygame library.
A 2D game engine written in Python.
A 2D physics engine for games written in Rust.
A 2D physics engine written in C++ with the Bullet physics library.
A 2D physics puzzle platformer written in Python using the Pygame library.
A 2D platform game written in C# using the XNA framework.
A 2D platformer game engine written in Rust.
A 2D platformer game written in C++ using the SFML library.
A 2D platformer game written in Python.
A 2D platformer game written in Rust.
A 2D platformer that uses a fluid simulation to control its physics.
A 2D platformer written in Go.
A 2D platformer written in Python and the Pygame library.
A 2D platformer written in Python using the Pygame library.
A 2D platformer written in Python with Pygame.
A 2D platformer written in Rust that can run on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A 2D point-and-click adventure game engine written in Rust.
A 2D puzzle platformer written in C# using the MonoGame framework and running on Xbox One and the PC.
A 2D puzzle platformer written in C++ using the SFML library.
A 2D puzzle platformer written in Haskell using the SDL library.
A 2D puzzle platformer written in Javascript using the Phaser library.
A 2D puzzle platformer written in Rust using the Piston game engine.
A 2D shooter game written in HTML5 using the ImpactJS library.
A 2D space shooter game written in Python using the Pygame library.
A 2D style transfer app for Mac that takes a photo or image and applies a Photoshop or GIMP style to it.
A 3D animation tool for creating 3D models and scenes for the web.
A 3D first-person shooter with a built-in level editor.
A 3D game engine written in JavaScript which runs on top of WebGL.
A 3D game engine written in JavaScript.
A 3D game engine written in Python.
A 3D game engine written in Rust.
A 3D model editor that allows you to create, modify, animate, and render models.
A 3D model viewer for Blender written in Rust.
A 3D model viewer that runs on macOS, Windows, and Linux.
A 3D modeling tool that allows you to build 3D models from 2D shapes.
A 3D point cloud renderer written in C# for 2D games in Unity.
A 3D remake of the classic video game, Asteroids.
A BSD-licensed, MIT-licensed, and Apache-licensed implementation of the WebSocket protocol.
A Babel plugin that adds support for ES6 modules and Web Components in browsers.
A Bash script for creating and managing a personal dotfiles repository.
A BitTorrent client written in Python and built around the x264 and ffmpeg libraries.
A C compiler written in Haskell.
A C library for creating high-quality, high-performance, low-latency audio applications.
A C library for working with the PulseAudio sound server.
A C# code quality tool that checks your code for potentially dangerous design patterns.
A C# port of the original Doom source code.
A C++ library for easy and efficient image processing and manipulation.
A C++ library for embedding a scripting language into a native application.
A C++ library for parsing and writing POSIX Shell scripts.
A C++ library for reading and writing a wide variety of data formats that runs on Windows, Linux, Mac, and Android.
A CLI for managing your DNS records from Amazon's Route 53.
A CLI for running the Open edX platform in a Docker container.
A CLI to run, debug, and deploy your applications on Kubernetes.
A CLI tool for converting a directory of Markdown files into HTML.
A CLI tool for creating and managing a personal portfolio website.
A CLI tool for deploying web applications to AWS Lambda.
A CLI tool for learning the Rust programming language.
A CLI tool for managing your npm package dependencies.
A CLI tool for monitoring and managing the performance of your database.
A CLI tool for quickly and easily comparing two directories for changes.
A CLI tool for quickly generating random passwords.
A CLI tool for setting up a development environment for Node.js in a virtual machine.
A CLI tool that gives you access to the Google Cloud Platform.
A Chrome extension for blocking web trackers (including canvas fingerprinting).
A Chrome extension that allows you to use your Google Drive storage as a write-back cache for your local computer.
A Chrome extension that compresses images on websites you visit before they are downloaded.
A Chrome extension that replaces every instance of a word with its definition from Urban Dictionary.
A Clojure library for writing full-featured command line applications.
A Command-Line-only, cross-platform, lightweight, and fast tool for converting CSV, Markdown, and HTML tables into JSON.
A Content Delivery Network (CDN) built on top of BitTorrent.
A DIY home security system that you can control from your phone, with a list of open source hardware and software components.
A DIY self-driving robot kit that comes with a Raspberry Pi.
A DIY smart mirror or smart mirror kit that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A DNS server that doesn't block or filter anything, and doesn't keep logs.
A Discord clone written in Node.js.
A Docker container that can act like an IRC bouncer.
A Firefox add-on that uses the power of the browser to create a new kind of user interface for desktop and mobile operating systems.
A Firefox extension that adds the ability to instantly translate text on any website.
A GPU-based deep learning framework that's super easy to use.
A GUI application for building and testing remote shells in Ruby using the Net::SSH library.
A GUI application for making it easier to configure and run Docker containers.
A GUI for creating and publishing releases on PyPi.
A GUI for git that makes it easier for developers to manage their projects.
A GUI for managing Docker containers on a single host.
A GUI library for the Rust programming language.
A GUI tool for creating, managing, and deploying Docker containers.
A GUI tool for helping you run your own Bug Bounty program.
A Game Boy Advance emulator written in Rust.
A Geocoding API that returns the street address, city, and country, and is built on top of Google Maps.
A Gmail desktop client with a graphical user interface written in Rust with a WebKit/GTK+ user interface.
A Go library for building chatbots for Telegram, Discord, Slack, and other services.
A Go library for easily implementing neural network algorithms.
A Golang library for producing vector graphics and animations for the terminal.
A Google Chrome extension for helping developers learn new programming languages and frameworks.
A Google Chrome extension that adds a button to the top right of Google search results pages to help you easily check their citations.
A Google Chrome extension that automatically converts webpages into interactive quizzes.
A Google Chromecast alternative for Linux.
A Gopher to HTTP proxy for allowing gopher clients to access the modern web.
A JSON-based configuration system for Python.
A Java library for converting an XML document to HTML.
A Java library for creating your own command line applications.
A JavaScript application framework for building asynchronous, non-blocking applications.
A JavaScript extension for the Chrome browser that acts as a wrapper for the Amazon Alexa service.
A JavaScript framework for building applications for the browser, server, and beyond.
A JavaScript framework for building applications with a React-like component model.
A JavaScript framework for building full-stack applications that are decoupled from the DOM and can run in any environment, including the web browser, server, and IoT.
A JavaScript framework for building highly interactive, performant web applications.
A JavaScript framework for writing portable applications that run in Node.js and the browser.
A JavaScript implementation of the GDELT Project’s influence detection algorithms.
A JavaScript library for building apps with a heavy focus on performance, modularity, and high extensibility.
A JavaScript library for building highly interactive web applications.
A JavaScript library for building modern web interfaces.
A JavaScript library for building reactive, real-time web applications.
A JavaScript library for building user interfaces based on the HTML5 History API.
A JavaScript library for building virtual DOM trees.
A JavaScript library for creating and recursively traversing tree structures.
A JavaScript library for creating and rendering 3D animations.
A JavaScript library for creating interactive animated maps.
A JavaScript library for creating interactive charts and graphs based on data stored in a PostgreSQL database.
A JavaScript library for creating interactive visualizations in the browser.
A JavaScript library for creating interactive visualizations of the DOM.
A JavaScript library for creating random data.
A JavaScript library for creating, extracting, and auditing hashes of data.
A JavaScript library for loading and processing large CSV files.
A JavaScript library for managing and rendering animated 2D sprites.
A JavaScript library for performing web-based actions like filling out forms and logging in without a webpage reload.
A JavaScript library for rendering 2D vector graphics, backed by a huge community of volunteer designers.
A JavaScript library for rendering and animating SVGs.
A JavaScript library for running code in the browser on the server using Node.js.
A JavaScript library for testing the performance of a web application before and after making changes to the code.
A JavaScript library for working with tabular data.
A JavaScript library for writing UI tests that can be run in any browser.
A JavaScript library for writing and running tests using Spectron.
A JavaScript library that can render GUI elements in the terminal using WebAssembly.
A JavaScript library that makes it easy to add visualizations to your website.
A JavaScript library that uses machine learning to detect "dumb" passwords.
A JavaScript module that makes it easy to implement the Elm architecture in your JavaScript applications.
A JavaScript port of the DOS game, Star Wars: TIE Fighter.
A JavaScript/WebAssembly framework for building desktop applications with the web technologies you already know and love.
A Jekyll theme that aims to create a consistent and readable layout for documentation.
A Jupyter notebook extension for easier data visualization in Python.
A Jupyter notebook in-browser IDE.
A Jupyter notebook server that supports live-editing of notebooks.
A Linux distribution based on Arch Linux that includes a set of additional utilities for developers.
A Linux distribution designed for users who want to run a pre-release version of the upcoming version of the Linux kernel without having to compile it on their own.
A Linux distribution designed for web developers, with pre-installed packages for a variety of languages and frameworks.
A Linux distribution for developers and hobbyists who want to play around with a Raspberry Pi but don’t want to install and maintain their own operating system.
A Linux distribution for developers that includes a whole suite of developer tools out of the box.
A Linux distribution that only includes open source software.
A Linux distro based on Arch Linux with a focus on desktop computing, minimalism, and simplicity.
A Linux kernel module that provides a uniform API for connecting to and managing a wide variety of sensors.
A Linux library for measuring and displaying power consumption in real time.
A Linux-based operating system designed specifically for playing games.
A Linux-based operating system which focuses on privacy and freedom for the user.
A Mac app for creating and editing interactive workflows with a visual flow editor.
A Mac app for managing your SSH public keys.
A Mac app for scheduling MacOS applications to run at specific times.
A Mac app that allows you to send and receive encrypted email through Gmail and ProtonMail.
A Mac, Linux, and Windows application that allows you to store a database of bookmarks in the cloud.
A MacOS app for tracking your fitness data with Apple Health.
A MacOS application for reading articles from the command line.
A MacOS utility for sharing your clipboard with your iOS devices over wifi.
A MacOS version of the popular screen recording software, Camtasia, written in Swift.
A Markdown editor for Windows with live preview, extensions, and support for GitHub Flavored Markdown.
A Markdown editor that runs on the desktop.
A Minecraft server written in C++.
A Monero-compatible cryptocurrency that adds privacy features to Bitcoin.
A Neo4J-backed IoT-enabled sensor network that automatically logs data and streamlines data transfers for an enterprise.
A Node.js library for reading and writing Excel spreadsheets.
A Node.js module for reading the IoT temperature and humidity sensors that run on top of the ESP8266 microcontroller.
A Node.js module for rendering terminal text in different styles.
A Node.js module for writing PKGBUILDs to install Node packages.
A Node.js web application for simple, secure sharing of files and folders in a decentralized way.
A Node.js-powered command line interface for the Heroku API.
A Python 3 implementation of a Datalog query compiler.
A Python API for working with data from a time-series database, like InfluxDB.
A Python library for automating Google Cloud tasks via a command line interface.
A Python library for building applications that run in a browser and send data to a server.
A Python library for building custom control schemes for video games.
A Python library for building personal websites with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security.
A Python library for connecting to and communicating with a local or remote MongoDB database.
A Python library for controlling the Raspberry Pi GPIO pins.
A Python library for creating 2D isometric tiles for drawing isometric maps.
A Python library for creating 3D animations from a set of images.
A Python library for creating and animating 2D sprites.
A Python library for creating and editing 2D animations in the terminal.
A Python library for creating and editing music files.
A Python library for creating and playing interactive audio visualizations.
A Python library for creating beautiful charts from your data.
A Python library for creating browser-based games that run on any device.
A Python library for creating interactive visualizations of complex information.
A Python library for creating scientific visualizations.
A Python library for creating virtual environments.
A Python library for downloading and playing videos from Vimeo.
A Python library for generating 2D animations from a set of images with varying framerates and directions.
A Python library for generating random sentences.
A Python library for generating unique, secure passwords.
A Python library for manipulating and analyzing audio streams.
A Python library for manipulating images by applying powerful neural network models.
A Python library for manipulating the contents of Mercurial and Git repositories.
A Python library for monitoring the status of a Web Server with live reloading of the page as changes are made to the source code.
A Python library for prototyping an app and generating a Dockerfile.
A Python library for quickly building an HTML5 application that uses native browser components.
A Python library for rendering a 3D scene from a set of images.
A Python library for running a local DNS server on your network.
A Python library for simplifying the creation of programmatically generated art.
A Python library for testing GUI applications using Selenium.
A Python library for using IBM Watson services.
A Python library for using NLP to analyze documents.
A Python library for using a neural network to generate random numbers.
A Python library for writing specifications of machine learning models.
A Python library for writing text adventures with a focus on drama, interactive fiction, and storytelling.
A Python library that can draw beautiful fractals using your webcam.
A Python module for making it easy to write unit tests for your code.
A Python module for making simple AI bots that learn from their mistakes.
A Python package for creating interactive maps.
A Python package for managing your AWS resources from the command line.
A Python package for parsing and validating the file format of a wide variety of computer game files.
A Python script for automating web application security scans.
A Python script that uses neural networks to generate original songs in the style of your favorite band.
A Python tool for creating 2D animated GIFs with a focus on simplicity and performance.
A Python web app for writing, organizing, and tracking your goals.
A REPL for the Elixir programming language.
A REPL for the Kotlin language written in Kotlin.
A Raspberry Pi distribution that allows you to run macOS in a virtual machine on a Raspberry Pi 2, 3, 3B+, or 3A+.
A Raspberry Pi image that can run offline as a low-power desktop computer.
A Raspberry Pi package manager for installing Raspbian packages on any host operating system.
A Reddit-like service written in PHP.
A Reddit-like site that doesn't require or allow users to sign up and respects all privacy-enhancing features of the Free and Open Source Software movement.
A Ruby gem for running RSpec code in parallel.
A Ruby gem that provides a simple interface to the Selenium WebDriver library.
A Ruby library for writing command-line apps in a functional style.
A Ruby library providing methods for cross-language testing of arbitrary input/output data.
A Ruby on Rails application that takes a visitor’s email and automatically adds them to a mailing list.
A Ruby-like programming language with a focus on concurrency and performance.
A Rust library for creating music using a genetic algorithm.
A Rust library for interacting with the VirtualBox Remote Desktop Protocol.
A Rust library for manipulating PDF files.
A Rust library for using the GPIO pins on a Raspberry Pi.
A Rust library for writing concurrent programs with the actor model.
A Serverless framework for deploying AWS Lambda functions.
A Slack bot that automates the process of downloading YouTube playlists.
A Slack clone that uses the WebSockets protocol, making it possible to connect from anywhere and stay connected without restarting the application.
A Star Wars themed roguelike game written in Python using the Pygame library.
A TCP/IP stack for Linux written in C for speed.
A Tic-Tac-Toe game written in Python using the Pygame library.
A Twitter bot that automatically replies to every tweet with a photo of it.
A UI framework for building macOS desktop apps.
A USB drive with a bootable copy of Ubuntu Linux 18.10 that runs entirely off USB and can be run on a Raspberry Pi.
A Unix-like operating system for your brain written in Haskell.
A Web interface for playing the classic 1980s game Serpent on a variety of websites.
A WebGL demo that shows how to render large quantities of spheres with WebGL.
A WebGL framework for building interactive 3D graphics using the HTML5 canvas element.
A WebSocket implementation in C.
A Windows application that allows you to share your screen with anyone in real time.
A Windows utility for turning a folder into a ZIP file.
A YouTube bot that automatically uploads your gameplay videos and adds them to your YouTube channel.
A backtesting trading bot for the cryptocurrency market, written in Go.
A bare-metal hypervisor that runs on the Raspberry Pi and can be used to run multiple operating systems on a single computer.
A barebones, self-hosted PTC that allows you to sign in from your browser and have access to all of your online accounts, from a single sign-on.
A battery-powered Raspberry Pi for measuring the quality of the air you breathe.
A benchmarking platform for testing different cloud providers.
A better Python debugger.
A better Slack alternative for self-hosting on your own servers.
A better Slack client for Windows.
A better alternative to Seaborn for creating statistical visualizations.
A better alternative to the Spectre vulnerability checker, with a focus on security while not slowing down development and compilation.
A better alternative to the default Windows audio player.
A better alternative to the default macOS Terminal app.
A better open source alternative to Slack.
A better version of the Google Assistant that runs on your own servers and uses your own data.
A better way to manage passwords.
A better way to view your website's performance statistics.
A better, faster, stronger, more secure, more flexible, and more extensible version of the Apache web server.
A blockchain-based reputation system that lets you rate the members of your community and trust strangers with a single click.
A blockchain-based, decentralized microblogging platform similar to Twitter.
A blog engine written in Python that supports Markdown and reST syntax, version control, and has a built-in static site generator.
A book about the theoretical foundations of computer science.
A book that teaches you how to deploy an open source web application to your own server.
A bot that posts fake news headlines to Hacker News, causing discussions about all kinds of topics.
A bot that runs on Twitter and responds to any mentions of a specific set of keywords with images.
A bridge between your phone and your computer that allows you to easily transfer files.
A browser extension for Google Chrome and Firefox that replaces the traditional address bar with a search bar.
A browser extension for Google Chrome that makes web forms easier to fill out, reducing the need to type in personal information.
A browser extension for adding markdown syntax highlighting to any webpage.
A browser extension for automatically copying the HackerNews articles you like to a reading list.
A browser extension for automatically filling in your credit card information in online forms.
A browser extension for automatically translating a page whenever a word is highlighted.
A browser extension for blocking ads and tracking.
A browser extension for blocking ads, trackers, and other malicious code.
A browser extension for blocking known trackers while browsing the web.
A browser extension for blocking trackers that are commonly found on popular websites.
A browser extension for controlling when, where, and how long your browser can access the internet.
A browser extension for detecting and blocking the use of third-party analytics and advertising cookies.
A browser extension for detecting and replacing the insecure use of HTTP in web pages.
A browser extension for encrypting your email.
A browser extension for generating Ethereum wallets.
A browser extension for identifying the languages of text on the page you're viewing.
A browser extension for identifying which sites are tracking you.
A browser extension for the Brave web browser that blocks all ads and trackers while speeding up page load times.
A browser extension for translating text on a webpage from one language to another.
A browser extension for using the Brave web browser while keeping your data private.
A browser extension that adds a button to GitHub pull requests to send a message to the maintainer of the project.
A browser extension that adds a button to the Google Chrome address bar that allows you to send a page to a friend at the click of a button.
A browser extension that adds a button to the address bar that allows you to view the HTML source code of the current page.
A browser extension that adds a button to your toolbar to automatically take screenshots of the websites you visit.
A browser extension that adds a small icon to every page that lets you quickly see what type of encryption (if any) is used to protect your connection to the site.
A browser extension that allows users to do a site-specific search on a search engine that doesn’t track their data.
A browser extension that allows you to add and format code blocks on any website.
A browser extension that allows you to block any website from accessing your camera or microphone.
A browser extension that allows you to create and save bookmarks with a very simple syntax.
A browser extension that allows you to create snippets of code in the browser that execute locally and run on your machine.
A browser extension that allows you to customize your Google search results by serving you the most relevant results based on your browsing history.
A browser extension that allows you to edit local files directly in the browser without having to download them first.
A browser extension that allows you to quickly transfer files to and from your servers using drag and drop.
A browser extension that allows you to search and replace text in the HTML of any page.
A browser extension that allows you to take screen captures of web pages and annotate them.
A browser extension that allows you to use Google Translate on the web without being tracked by Google.
A browser extension that automatically blocks ads and trackers by rewriting the web server's response.
A browser extension that automatically blocks trackers and advertising in your regular browsing.
A browser extension that automatically detects and blocks malware and phishing sites.
A browser extension that automatically remediates webpages to make them accessible to people with disabilities.
A browser extension that blocks ads and analytics trackers by default and replaces them with visualizations that clue you in to the number of trackers present on a given page.
A browser extension that blocks ads and other cruft by redirecting and rewriting the content of every page you visit.
A browser extension that blocks ads and trackers by rewriting the HTTP traffic between your browser and the websites you visit.
A browser extension that blocks all third-party tracking cookies.
A browser extension that blocks and labels trackers and ads and replaces them with a blank space.
A browser extension that blocks any website using tracking and ad networks.
A browser extension that blocks malicious websites and downloads and enables two-factor account authentication for important sites.
A browser extension that blocks trackers that many “ad-blockers” don’t detect.
A browser extension that changes the normalizing effect of the word “the” on webpages.
A browser extension that converts the pages you view to ASCII art.
A browser extension that detects and blocks ads.
A browser extension that detects and blocks advertisements, tracking pixels, and other unwanted content.
A browser extension that detects and blocks malicious JavaScript by searching for any code that is known to be unsafe.
A browser extension that detects and blocks malicious cryptocurrency mining scripts.
A browser extension that displays the source code of the page you are visiting in a web-based IDE, allowing you to modify the code and see the changes applied immediately.
A browser extension that displays your current location in the status bar.
A browser extension that enables you to use WebExtensions on Chrome and Firefox.
A browser extension that gives you details about your current tab's SSL connection.
A browser extension that helps you find and fix accessibility issues in your website.
A browser extension that helps you stop procrastinating by blocking distracting websites.
A browser extension that improves the security of your Internet traffic by blocking insecure HTTP requests and automatically upgrading them to HTTPS.
A browser extension that intercepts and displays your HTTP requests.
A browser extension that lets you control your own server without relying on cloud services to generate and validate a new digital identity.
A browser extension that lets you easily translate any website into your language of choice.
A browser extension that lets you take screenshots of web pages and edit the resulting image.
A browser extension that lets you talk to Google Assistant on your phone from your browser.
A browser extension that lets you view any website in a terminal window.
A browser extension that makes it easier to write Markdown by inserting images, links, and code snippets as you type.
A browser extension that makes web apps feel more like desktop apps, without requiring a browser restart.
A browser extension that prevents advertisers from tracking you across the web.
A browser extension that prevents websites from tracking your mouse movements.
A browser extension that prevents you from accidentally leaking your passwords by using them on random websites.
A browser extension that protects your privacy by blocking the use of cookies and tracking technologies on websites.
A browser extension that replaces the standard Facebook and Twitter share dialogs with a simple form that lets you easily copy and paste plaintext versions of the articles you’re reading.
A browser extension that turns all text into a giant letter.
A browser extension that turns the web into a game of Snake, but where you can earn money by playing.
A browser extension that uses browser automation to create a GIF of a website’s user interface.
A browser extension that uses machine learning to help you write better JavaScript code.
A browser extension that uses your computer's memory to mine cryptocurrency and donate it to charity.
A browser extension that warns you if you’re about to visit a website that’s known to track you.
A browser library based on the Chromium project that allows you to write web apps in a language of your choosing.
A browser plugin for blocking ads and trackers using JSON-based domain blacklists.
A browser plugin for showing you which trackers are tracking you as you browse the web.
A browser plugin that blocks all trackers in a web page and lets you whitelist sites you trust.
A browser plugin that lets you easily access, add, delete, edit, and organize bookmarks.
A browser-based 3D game engine and visual scripting tool.
A browser-based code review tool that works for any programming language.
A browser-based video game where you play as a neuron in the brain of a mouse navigating through mazes.
A browser-based web application for tracking, analyzing, and visualizing your video game collection.
A browser-based, real-time strategy game inspired by the classic game Colonization.
A bug reporter for GitHub issues that integrates with your browser’s devtools and lets you view, edit, and report bugs right from the source code.
A bullet journal manager written in Python and powered by the Electron framework.
A business intelligence solution for open source projects that uses open data to create business-friendly dashboards.
A calculator application written in the Rust programming language that supports advanced arithmetic operations.
A chatbot written in Python for the Telegram messaging service.
A chess engine written in JavaScript.
A cli tool for creating and managing a CDN for static files.
A client and protocol documentation generator for GraphQL.
A client for Mastodon that runs on Windows, Mac, and Linux.
A client for the Mastodon social network that runs on Android.
A client for the Notary public service that allows you to have a website of public links notarized and hosted on your own servers.
A client for the dat project, which provides a universal interface for accessing data.
A client-side tool for running a Tor relay node.
A clone of Bejeweled where the gems are replaced with emoji.
A clone of Magic the Gathering that is written in Python and runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A clone of the Magic Mirror from the Snowglobe shop.
A clone of the classic Bomberman game, written in Python.
A clone of the classic DOS game, SimCity.
A clone of the classic board game Mastermind for the modern era, using a neural network to automatically guess your current code.
A clone of the classic game Minesweeper written in JavaScript.
A clone of the make utility that supports parallel execution of build targets and supports a larger number of platforms.
A clone of the popular 2048 game written in JavaScript.
A clone of the popular Super Hexagon game written in Python using the Pygame library.
A clothing company that sells open source t-shirts, hoodies, and other products.
A cloud computing platform built on top of Docker.
A cloud computing platform for building, running, and managing cloud-based software applications.
A cloud computing platform that guarantees security and privacy rights for customers.
A cloud platform for hosting and analyzing the output of AI models.
A cloud-based Git deployment service that's like GitHub for hosting git repositories.
A cloud-based IDE for Java and Scala development that runs on your desktop and offers true offline mode.
A cloud-based email service that encrypts all emails by default, has end-to-end encryption, and has open source clients.
A cloud-based image resizing tool that can be used to optimize your website’s image assets.
A cloud-based service for running your own Kubernetes clusters.
A cloud-based system for creating and hosting web apps.
A code editor for the terminal built on top of web technologies.
A code quality tool for Rust that uses LLVM to produce a variety of metrics from code and help developers write better code.
A collaborative, open source tool for managing the development of feature branches.
A collection of 3D models, textures, and animations for building games for the Nintendo Switch.
A collection of natural language processing tools for Go.
A collection of open source components for building full-stack applications with Vue.js.
A collection of open source project ideas to practice reverse engineering skills.
A collection of open source projects for practicing machine learning on.
A collection of open source projects in C++ to practice reverse engineering.
A collection of open source projects that can help you learn a new programming language.
A collection of open source projects that use the Google AIY hardware platform.
A collection of open source projects to help grow the software development community in your city.
A collection of open source projects to learn Rust.
A collection of open source projects to practice web application security testing on.
A collection of open source projects written in Rust.
A collection of open source projects, each designed to teach a specific skill in an entertaining way.
A collection of open source tools to help the Go community develop faster and higher-quality software.
A collection of terminal tools for manipulating text and images.
A collection of tools for automating the document-review process in litigation.
A collection of tools for building a self-hosted git service.
A collection of tools for building secure software for the cloud.
A collection of tools for creating and editing vector graphics.
A collection of tools for creating, modifying, and running Minecraft mods written in Python.
A collection of tools for detecting and mitigating attacks on your network.
A collection of tools for detecting and transforming SQL injection vulnerabilities in web application code.
A collection of tools for diagnosing and fixing performance problems in Ruby on Rails applications.
A collection of tools for executing penetration tests against web applications.
A collection of tools for managing and analyzing the data from a self-driving car.
A collection of tools for measuring the performance of your website.
A collection of tools for performing static analysis on Python code.
A collection of tools for performing static analysis on binaries.
A collection of tools for playing with fonts on macOS, including a font viewer, font editor, and font generator.
A collection of tools for running Office 365 applications on Linux.
A collection of tools for using and simulating FPGAs for reverse engineering, experimentation, and education.
A collection of tools for using machine learning to analyze and visualize geospatial data.
A collection of tools for working with the IPFS peer-to-peer distributed web protocol.
A collection of tools to help you better manage your time and track your progress in terms of time-boxing.
A collection of tutorials and guides for building and hosting your own web apps with the next generation of JavaScript.
A command line application for generating random free-form poetry.
A command line calculator that supports mathematical expressions, with a goal of being 100% compatible with GNU bc.
A command line client for sending and receiving data from the Dropbox API.
A command line interface and Python library to manage cloud infrastructure.
A command line interface for Crystal programming language.
A command line interface for browsing the web anonymously.
A command line interface for managing your database migrations.
A command line interface for managing your local DNS.
A command line interface for querying Wikipedia.
A command line interface to write Markdown documents.
A command line program for generating pictures like this one.
A command line program for streaming video from a webcam to a website in real time.
A command line reading assistant for people with dyslexia and other reading difficulties.
A command line tool and Python library for downloading every torrent from a particular tracker.
A command line tool for adding timestamps to your text files.
A command line tool for aggregating and analyzing your PostgreSQL logs.
A command line tool for analyzing a website’s HTTP traffic and alerting you to any insecure requests or responses.
A command line tool for analyzing and filtering the HTTP requests and responses between your browser and the websites you visit.
A command line tool for analyzing and summarizing the contents of a directory structure.
A command line tool for analyzing log files and generating reports based on the information they contain.
A command line tool for analyzing the contents of your hard drive(s) for duplicate files.
A command line tool for analyzing the efficiency of programs at executing instructions.
A command line tool for analyzing the security of a website or API.
A command line tool for analyzing your code for security vulnerabilities.
A command line tool for annotating and extracting information from PDFs.
A command line tool for anonymizing the IP address of the computer you're using.
A command line tool for applying multiple filters to a file or files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for automatically changing file extensions.
A command line tool for automatically checking your terminal for typos and spelling mistakes.
A command line tool for automatically fixing common misspellings in your text.
A command line tool for automatically generating a new project scaffold for Go.
A command line tool for automatically generating all possible permutations for a given input, such as all possible phone numbers or word combinations.
A command line tool for automatically generating and deploying a static web site from a GitHub repository.
A command line tool for automatically generating project documentation in HTML, Markdown, or other formats.
A command line tool for automatically merging and diffing files from a Git repository.
A command line tool for automating common tasks in Linux.
A command line tool for automating the creation of pull requests on GitHub.
A command line tool for automating the generation of documentation from source code.
A command line tool for automating the process of deploying a static website to Amazon S3.
A command line tool for automating the process of extracting and transforming data from PDFs.
A command line tool for automating the process of spinning up short-lived VMs in a cloud provider.
A command line tool for automating the process of writing a personal website.
A command line tool for backing up a Subversion or Mercurial repository to a Git repository.
A command line tool for batch adding cover art to your music collection.
A command line tool for batch-compressing all the PNG files in a directory.
A command line tool for browsing the internet from a terminal.
A command line tool for browsing the web anonymously.
A command line tool for building AWS Lambda functions with Python in a Docker container.
A command line tool for building and archiving a set of static websites.
A command line tool for building and querying a database of domain names.
A command line tool for building apps for iOS and Android in Swift.
A command line tool for building static websites from a set of Markdown files.
A command line tool for calculating the optimal amount of money to tip someone based on factors like their profession, the country they live in, and the price of a cup of coffee.
A command line tool for changing a file's line endings to the current line ending style of the operating system.
A command line tool for changing file extensions.
A command line tool for changing the DNS server of the machine you're connected to.
A command line tool for checking the quality of images and video.
A command line tool for checking the quality of the SVG images in a directory.
A command line tool for checking the spelling of Markdown files with an online dictionary.
A command line tool for checking the syntax of your R code.
A command line tool for checking the validity of a single CSS or HTML page and generating a list of any errors or warnings.
A command line tool for checking your website for accessibility issues.
A command line tool for checking your website’s performance on mobile devices.
A command line tool for classifying and renaming files in a directory structure based on their contents.
A command line tool for collecting and analyzing the statistics of your GitHub repositories.
A command line tool for collecting, tracking, and reporting on your company's web performance metrics.
A command line tool for combining PDF files into one single PDF file.
A command line tool for combining all the images from a directory into a single high resolution image.
A command line tool for comparing the contents of any two folders.
A command line tool for compiling and deploying projects from a variety of development frameworks.
A command line tool for concatenating and minifying multiple JavaScript files.
A command line tool for controlling how your computer spends its time.
A command line tool for conveniently interacting with an IPFS daemon.
A command line tool for converting Amazon EBS-backed AMIs to AWS CloudFormation templates.
A command line tool for converting CSV files to HTML tables.
A command line tool for converting Markdown files into beautiful HTML documents.
A command line tool for converting Markdown into rich text.
A command line tool for converting Markdown text to HTML.
A command line tool for converting Markdown to HTML.
A command line tool for converting a CSV file into an array of objects in JavaScript.
A command line tool for converting a Markdown file to an ebook, with support for multiple outputs, syntax highlighting, and more.
A command line tool for converting a Postgres database dump into a CSV file.
A command line tool for converting a YouTube video into a GIF.
A command line tool for converting a directory of images to animated GIFs.
A command line tool for converting a directory structure into a set of files containing only a text file for each line in a file.
A command line tool for converting a file to a simple, plaintext representation of its contents.
A command line tool for converting a folder of images to PDF.
A command line tool for converting a markdown document into a PDF.
A command line tool for converting a video to a GIF.
A command line tool for converting an image to ASCII art compatible with the PowerShell console.
A command line tool for converting any ASCII text into a set of images.
A command line tool for converting any image to ASCII art.
A command line tool for converting audio files into music notation.
A command line tool for converting between common file and image formats.
A command line tool for converting between image formats.
A command line tool for converting from one file format to another.
A command line tool for converting image files between different image formats.
A command line tool for converting images between different file formats.
A command line tool for converting images from one color palette to another.
A command line tool for converting images into ASCII art in the style of your favorite artist.
A command line tool for converting images into ASCII art.
A command line tool for converting images to ASCII art that uses a neural network to generate the art.
A command line tool for converting images to ASCII art using SVG filters.
A command line tool for converting images to ASCII art, but with a focus on high quality output.
A command line tool for converting images to ASCII art, in color.
A command line tool for converting long running processes into microservices.
A command line tool for converting media files to WebM format with the entire process automated.
A command line tool for converting text to ASCII art.
A command line tool for converting text-based genealogical data into GEDCOM format.
A command line tool for converting videos between different file formats and streaming protocols.
A command line tool for converting videos to ASCII art.
A command line tool for converting videos to GIFs.
A command line tool for converting videos to animated ASCII art.
A command line tool for converting your Markdown documents to a variety of other formats.
A command line tool for converting your terminal output into a simple ASCII art table.
A command line tool for creating 2D animations from a set of images.
A command line tool for creating PDFs from markdown documents and images.
A command line tool for creating a PDF of an entire HTML page.
A command line tool for creating a back up of your home directory to Amazon S3.
A command line tool for creating a macOS application from a Markdown file.
A command line tool for creating a new React project with a minimal bundle size.
A command line tool for creating a new repository on GitHub and adding the files in a directory to that repository.
A command line tool for creating a private npm registry.
A command line tool for creating a real-time dashboard that shows the state of your servers, software, and infrastructure.
A command line tool for creating a website with a modern static site generator.
A command line tool for creating an image gallery from a directory of images.
A command line tool for creating an interactive terminal dashboard out of frequently used commands.
A command line tool for creating and deploying Docker images to remote hosts.
A command line tool for creating and deploying VMs from a Docker image.
A command line tool for creating and deploying a template-based website from a directory of markdown files.
A command line tool for creating and deploying containers for your Docker images.
A command line tool for creating and distributing Python environments for scientific research.
A command line tool for creating and distributing a "live Linux" USB stick.
A command line tool for creating and editing Markdown documents.
A command line tool for creating and editing Markdown files.
A command line tool for creating and generating unique file names.
A command line tool for creating and interacting with local, private Docker repositories.
A command line tool for creating and maintaining a list of websites that you want to track.
A command line tool for creating and maintaining an inventory of your stuff.
A command line tool for creating and maintaining offline documentation for your projects.
A command line tool for creating and managing Travis-CI builds for your GitHub projects.
A command line tool for creating and managing a GitHub repository.
A command line tool for creating and managing a database of all the open source projects in the world.
A command line tool for creating and managing a git repository.
A command line tool for creating and managing a local development environment in Docker containers.
A command line tool for creating and managing a private Git repo over Tor
A command line tool for creating and managing a virtual machine environment for software development purposes.
A command line tool for creating and managing docker-compose projects.
A command line tool for creating and managing encrypted backups of your data.
A command line tool for creating and managing virtual hosts on a web server.
A command line tool for creating and managing your Ansible roles.
A command line tool for creating and managing your own SSH tunnels.
A command line tool for creating and running a Docker image with a pre-installed development environment.
A command line tool for creating and sharing a web application development boilerplate.
A command line tool for creating and sharing reproducible data science workflows.
A command line tool for creating and sharing terminal color schemes.
A command line tool for creating and tracking to-do lists.
A command line tool for creating and writing to a new file in a directory structure.
A command line tool for creating custom text and image watermarks in PDF documents.
A command line tool for creating pixel art from photos.
A command line tool for creating screencasts.
A command line tool for creating videos from images, inspired by ffmpeg2gif.
A command line tool for creating videos from screenshots.
A command line tool for creating, editing, and combining screenshots.
A command line tool for creating, editing, and manipulating Markdown files.
A command line tool for creating, maintaining, and deploying databases.
A command line tool for creating, managing, and automating virtual machines in the cloud.
A command line tool for creating, managing, and deploying Docker containers.
A command line tool for creating, managing, and deploying Kubernetes clusters.
A command line tool for creating, updating, and deploying cloud infrastructure.
A command line tool for cross-compiling and generating projects for the WebAssembly platform.
A command line tool for defining and managing a complete and consistent development environment.
A command line tool for deleting unnecessary files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for detecting Markov chains in plain text.
A command line tool for determining the total distance between a series of locations.
A command line tool for displaying the structure of a binary file using a tree view.
A command line tool for doing text parsing and splitting on whitespace.
A command line tool for downloading YouTube videos, written in Python.
A command line tool for downloading YouTube videos.
A command line tool for downloading all the images from a particular Imgur album.
A command line tool for downloading and caching media files from the internet in order to reduce bandwidth usage and improve speed.
A command line tool for downloading and decrypting files from the HTTP archives maintained on the Internet Archive's Wayback Machine.
A command line tool for downloading and organizing e-books from Project Gutenberg.
A command line tool for downloading and saving YouTube videos.
A command line tool for downloading and streaming torrents.
A command line tool for downloading and uploading files to and from a remote machine through an HTTP proxy.
A command line tool for downloading and uploading files to your own servers.
A command line tool for downloading files from the command line without using a web browser.
A command line tool for downloading image assets from a URL.
A command line tool for downloading the latest commit of a repository from GitHub.
A command line tool for downloading torrents from .torrent files hosted on the web.
A command line tool for downloading videos from YouTube and other sites.
A command line tool for downloading videos from YouTube.
A command line tool for easily creating directory trees.
A command line tool for easily creating, cloning, and deleting empty Git repositories.
A command line tool for easily extracting data from PDF documents.
A command line tool for easily extracting images from PDFs.
A command line tool for easy source control management, like adding, removing, and branching files and directories.
A command line tool for encoding and decoding text in many character sets.
A command line tool for encrypting and decrypting files and directories.
A command line tool for encrypting and decrypting files.
A command line tool for encrypting your Microsoft Word documents.
A command line tool for evaluating technical debt.
A command line tool for examining the structure and metadata of JSON files.
A command line tool for executing a particular command on the most recent revision of every file in the directory structure.
A command line tool for executing a sequence of commands.
A command line tool for executing requests against a REST API and returning the results as a JSON object.
A command line tool for exploring the source code of a Ruby on Rails application.
A command line tool for exploring your local git repository as if it were a git-based filesystem.
A command line tool for exporting data from a SQL database to CSV or JSON.
A command line tool for extracting and analyzing website log files.
A command line tool for extracting and converting JSON files.
A command line tool for extracting information from the Git repository history.
A command line tool for extracting metadata about how your dependencies are versioned.
A command line tool for extracting the text from a PDF file using a combination of OCR and manual text extraction.
A command line tool for fetching Stack Overflow questions sorted by votes, views, and answers.
A command line tool for fetching and displaying the results of the apt-cache search command.
A command line tool for fetching the current weather in your area.
A command line tool for filtering and sorting large text files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for finding and extracting text in images.
A command line tool for finding and removing duplicate files from your computer.
A command line tool for finding and removing duplicate files on your computer.
A command line tool for finding and replacing text in multiple files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for finding and replacing text in the files in a directory structure -- with an emphasis on speed and automation.
A command line tool for finding and replacing text in the files in a directory structure and its sub-directories.
A command line tool for finding and replacing text in the files in a directory structure that works on Windows and Linux.
A command line tool for finding and replacing text in the files in a directory structure with a live search preview.
A command line tool for finding and replacing text in the source files of a large software project.
A command line tool for finding duplicate files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for finding photos taken at a specific location.
A command line tool for finding the intersection between two lines on a map.
A command line tool for finding the most popular images on a website.
A command line tool for finding the shortest path between two locations using Google Maps.
A command line tool for finding unused CSS in your HTML files.
A command line tool for finding unused CSS in your website.
A command line tool for finding unused code in a JavaScript project.
A command line tool for finding various pieces of information about an image.
A command line tool for generating "magic links" to force a browser to load a particular page, or to force a user into a particular account.
A command line tool for generating 2D animations from a set of images.
A command line tool for generating 2D patterns with a variety of customizable parameters.
A command line tool for generating HTML documentation from markdown files.
A command line tool for generating HTML from Markdown files.
A command line tool for generating PDF versions of web pages using only wkhtmltopdf.
A command line tool for generating QR code from a URL.
A command line tool for generating QR codes and barcodes in different formats.
A command line tool for generating a CSV exports of your open source contributions.
A command line tool for generating a GitHub-like social network of your git commit history.
A command line tool for generating a Go client library from a server-side HTTP API specification.
A command line tool for generating a JSON schema from a directory structure.
A command line tool for generating a LaTeX document from an existing HTML document.
A command line tool for generating a Markdown table from a CSV file.
A command line tool for generating a Markdown table of contents from the files in a directory.
A command line tool for generating a Markov chain text from a given list of words.
A command line tool for generating a PDF file from the output of any text-based command.
A command line tool for generating a file containing a hex dump of binary objects.
A command line tool for generating a high-quality UUID and GUID.
A command line tool for generating a human-readable summary of a config file.
A command line tool for generating a list of dependencies for a given Python package based on the Python 2 and 3 compatibility tables.
A command line tool for generating a list of nearby WiFi access points with the ability to get the latest firmware and hardware information.
A command line tool for generating a project skeleton for a variety of languages.
A command line tool for generating a random name and address using the data and sources from https://www.openaddress.org/.
A command line tool for generating a random password from a given character set.
A command line tool for generating a random password from a series of existing words.
A command line tool for generating a random password from the command line.
A command line tool for generating a random password with the correct amount of entropy.
A command line tool for generating a random password.
A command line tool for generating a randomized list of words.
A command line tool for generating a reverse-domain name from a given domain name.
A command line tool for generating a set of modular, composable, reusable, and testable CRUD functions.
A command line tool for generating a type-safe Python database API based on a SQLite database.
A command line tool for generating a unique password for each user in a directory structure.
A command line tool for generating an ASCII art portrait from a photograph.
A command line tool for generating and evaluating random passwords.
A command line tool for generating and managing unique IDs.
A command line tool for generating and managing unique, secure, and memorable passwords for all your accounts.
A command line tool for generating and modifying QR codes.
A command line tool for generating and validating unique passwords.
A command line tool for generating charts from your data.
A command line tool for generating documentation from source code.
A command line tool for generating fake data for testing your code.
A command line tool for generating fake data for use in testing.
A command line tool for generating high quality ASCII art using the techniques in this paper.
A command line tool for generating maps using the Google Maps API.
A command line tool for generating mnemonic passphrases for use in creating Ethereum wallets.
A command line tool for generating music from YouTube videos.
A command line tool for generating on-the-fly canvas-based visualizations of your data.
A command line tool for generating passwords by casting a wide variety of password generation algorithms at a large dictionary.
A command line tool for generating pixel art from an image.
A command line tool for generating random JSON data.
A command line tool for generating random passwords and tokens that contain both letters and numbers.
A command line tool for generating random passwords and usernames that conform to various website requirements.
A command line tool for generating random passwords or passphrases.
A command line tool for generating random passwords that are secure and easy to remember.
A command line tool for generating random passwords with a high degree of entropy.
A command line tool for generating random passwords, using the BIP39 dictionary.
A command line tool for generating random passwords.
A command line tool for generating random strings of a desired length.
A command line tool for generating reminders from a file of things to do.
A command line tool for generating shell scripts and command line arguments from a set of input files.
A command line tool for generating syntax-highlighted, searchable, and interactive content from terminal commands and shell scripts.
A command line tool for generating test cases for unit tests using mutation testing.
A command line tool for generating test datasets from the command line.
A command line tool for generating unique data.
A command line tool for generating unique identifiers for files and folders in a directory structure.
A command line tool for generating unique passwords.
A command line tool for generating your Markdown README file from a directory structure.
A command line tool for generating your own list of interesting projects to work on.
A command line tool for hiding files and folders from the Finder.
A command line tool for identifying and removing duplicate files in your directory structure.
A command line tool for identifying and removing unused CSS from your web pages.
A command line tool for identifying the language, script, and encoding of text.
A command line tool for identifying the programming language of source code with high accuracy.
A command line tool for inspecting and manipulating the data stored in a SQLite database.
A command line tool for inspecting the SSL certificate and configuration of a server.
A command line tool for inspecting the contents of a directory and running tests against its files.
A command line tool for installing and managing multiple web servers.
A command line tool for installing and managing open source software packages.
A command line tool for installing and upgrading software packages on your computer.
A command line tool for installing, updating, and removing multiple packages from your Linux computer.
A command line tool for interacting with your GitHub repositories using the GitHub API.
A command line tool for interfacing with the Bitwarden password management service.
A command line tool for listing high scores for games with a web-based leaderboard.
A command line tool for listing the top 100 repositories on GitHub by number of stars.
A command line tool for looking up words on Wikipedia.
A command line tool for maintaining a personal backup of your email in your inbox.
A command line tool for making animated GIFs from a directory of images.
A command line tool for making interactive charts and visualizations of data, written in Python.
A command line tool for making screenshots of web pages and collecting data from them.
A command line tool for managing a fleet of Docker containers.
A command line tool for managing a local Bitcoin node and the wallets associated with it.
A command line tool for managing a local database of USB devices and their attributes.
A command line tool for managing a running Docker container.
A command line tool for managing and deploying Ansible configurations.
A command line tool for managing and publishing a collection of GitHub repositories.
A command line tool for managing and uploading files to Google Drive with a focus on usability and security.
A command line tool for managing credentials and SSH keys for multiple different services.
A command line tool for managing npm packages with a focus on simplicity, usability, and productivity.
A command line tool for managing the AWS Lambda serverless service.
A command line tool for managing the dependencies of a Node.js project.
A command line tool for managing the packages in your Python library.
A command line tool for managing your Raspbian operating system.
A command line tool for managing your database migrations.
A command line tool for managing your dotfiles across multiple machines.
A command line tool for managing your dotfiles and sharing them with your friends.
A command line tool for managing your dotfiles.
A command line tool for managing, deploying, and monitoring Docker containers.
A command line tool for managing, organizing, and maintaining your small projects.
A command line tool for manipulating and analyzing data in CSV files.
A command line tool for monitoring DNS requests, including DNS activity by country, network, and domain name.
A command line tool for monitoring and managing cloud infrastructure.
A command line tool for monitoring your Docker containers.
A command line tool for monitoring your computer for signs of compromise.
A command line tool for moving a website and its data from one server to another.
A command line tool for navigating the directory structure of a Git repository.
A command line tool for parsing JSON and transforming it into a different JSON structure.
A command line tool for parsing and extracting information from HTML documents.
A command line tool for parsing and generating JSON.
A command line tool for parsing and manipulating the data in a JSON Web Token.
A command line tool for parsing and validating JSON files.
A command line tool for performing actions on your project dependencies.
A command line tool for performing basic operations on a MongoDB database.
A command line tool for performing distributed denial of service attacks.
A command line tool for performing multiple file system operations asynchronously.
A command line tool for performing natural language processing on any audio file.
A command line tool for performing operations on multiple files in parallel.
A command line tool for performing side-channel attacks and other security checks on cryptographic implementations.
A command line tool for playing and organizing music files.
A command line tool for programmatically organizing the files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for publishing your npm modules to an NPM server with a single command.
A command line tool for pulling back information from the Docker daemon, including logs, stats, and run-time information.
A command line tool for pushing URLs to the Pushover service.
A command line tool for quick and easy access to gzip and bzip2 compression and decompression in the terminal.
A command line tool for quickly adding new files to a Git repository and generating a nice commit message for you.
A command line tool for quickly answering true/false questions.
A command line tool for quickly creating and editing Markdown documents.
A command line tool for quickly creating and managing virtual environments.
A command line tool for quickly downloading and managing music.
A command line tool for quickly installing pre-configured development environments for different programming languages.
A command line tool for quickly pulling out the subdirectories of a folder.
A command line tool for quickly running a set of commands against a domain.
A command line tool for quickly viewing the source code of a file or directory.
A command line tool for reading and writing data to and from JSON files.
A command line tool for reading and writing from a variety of databases as well as generating SQL queries.
A command line tool for reading and writing to Firebase databases.
A command line tool for reading the documentation for a given Go package.
A command line tool for reading your Bleep text messages.
A command line tool for recording and playing back terminal sessions.
A command line tool for recording, modifying, and replaying mouse movements and keyboard shortcuts.
A command line tool for removing duplicate files from a directory structure.
A command line tool for removing duplicate files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for rendering SVGs as SVG-in-ASCII art.
A command line tool for replacing text in the files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for rotating, compressing, and converting image formats.
A command line tool for rotating, resizing, and compressing JPEG or PNG images.
A command line tool for rotating, resizing, and flipping images.
A command line tool for running a local HTTP server that serves your static site's content in the background, and provides a local development environment.
A command line tool for running a local instance of the Amazon Web Services Command Line Interface.
A command line tool for running a series of commands in parallel on a group of servers.
A command line tool for running automated end-to-end security tests on web applications.
A command line tool for running batch operations on text files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for running commands in parallel on a number of systems.
A command line tool for running experiments on a group of servers to test the effects of configuration changes.
A command line tool for running experiments to optimize your code.
A command line tool for running headless Chrome and storing the results in a database.
A command line tool for running multiple virtual machines on a single Linux computer.
A command line tool for running shell commands on a scheduled calendar.
A command line tool for running tests in parallel using all your CPU cores.
A command line tool for running the git rebase command.
A command line tool for safely and painlessly extracting the contents of a compressed archive.
A command line tool for scanning URLs and finding out what vulnerabilities they have.
A command line tool for scanning an HTTP server for common security vulnerabilities and misconfigurations.
A command line tool for scraping data from a website.
A command line tool for scraping web pages for their content.
A command line tool for searching and reading source code.
A command line tool for searching for and installing Node.js packages.
A command line tool for searching for and replacing text in multiple files.
A command line tool for searching for files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for searching through a list of Github repositories.
A command line tool for searching through your Git commits.
A command line tool for searching your terminal history.
A command line tool for seeing what's using the network connection on your computer.
A command line tool for sending HTTP requests from your terminal.
A command line tool for sending HTTP requests with a fake user agent.
A command line tool for sending an HTTP request to a running Python application and capturing the response.
A command line tool for sending push notifications to mobile devices.
A command line tool for sending scheduled SMS text messages using GSM modems.
A command line tool for serving Markdown files over HTTP.
A command line tool for setting up a private Git server.
A command line tool for setting up and managing accounts on a variety of third-party web services.
A command line tool for setting up and running distributed version control systems.
A command line tool for sharing code snippets with other people.
A command line tool for sharing files from your computer with friends using a secure, peer-to-peer connection.
A command line tool for sharing files with a short URL.
A command line tool for sharing your terminal or code snippets on Twitter.
A command line tool for showing the dependencies between your Ruby on Rails classes.
A command line tool for simulating a large number of virtual users.
A command line tool for simulating the movements of the sun and the moon to create realistic light conditions for photography and video.
A command line tool for skipping repetitive tasks by writing a script once and executing it again and again at regular intervals.
A command line tool for sorting files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for splitting video files into smaller chunks.
A command line tool for starting a local server on a specific port which will automatically restart whenever the server process crashes.
A command line tool for storing and automating your passwords.
A command line tool for storing and managing passwords.
A command line tool for storing and retrieving data from a SQLite database.
A command line tool for storing your data in an encrypted database.
A command line tool for streaming a directory of videos to your Chromecast or Apple TV.
A command line tool for striping out whitespace from a file.
A command line tool for syncing your clipboard, with support for text and images.
A command line tool for taking notes in the terminal.
A command line tool for taking notes, marking files, and keeping track of TODO items for various projects.
A command line tool for taking notes.
A command line tool for taking screen captures of specific parts of your desktop.
A command line tool for taking screenshots of a website using PhantomJS to headlessly render the page.
A command line tool for taking screenshots of web pages.
A command line tool for taking screenshots of websites.
A command line tool for testing a web site for accessibility.
A command line tool for testing and comparing the performance of different sorting algorithms.
A command line tool for testing and troubleshooting DNS servers.
A command line tool for testing how long a program takes to execute by using the CPU cycles of your computer.
A command line tool for testing the performance of cloud-based data stores.
A command line tool for testing the performance of your web servers and websites.
A command line tool for testing the quality of your music files.
A command line tool for testing the strength of passwords.
A command line tool for throttling the bandwidth of your internet connection to avoid data overages.
A command line tool for tiling images with a focus on keyboard controls.
A command line tool for tracking the performance of your software.
A command line tool for tracking your time and productivity.
A command line tool for tracking your time while you work.
A command line tool for transcoding between multiple video formats.
A command line tool for transcoding video into any format.
A command line tool for transferring files to and from Amazon S3.
A command line tool for translating text from one language to another.
A command line tool for turning Markdown files into PDFs.
A command line tool for turning geoJSON data into interactive maps.
A command line tool for turning off your computer at a certain time of day.
A command line tool for uploading files to Amazon S3 and Rackspace Cloud Files.
A command line tool for uploading your local development environment to the web.
A command line tool for using Google Sheets as a back-end for your website.
A command line tool for using a neural network to convert photos to ASCII art.
A command line tool for using a neural network to generate new images in the style of an existing image.
A command line tool for using and testing TLS client certificates with Let's Encrypt.
A command line tool for using deep learning to generate art.
A command line tool for using neural networks to generate new images in the style of your favorite artist.
A command line tool for using the Google TensorFlow Object Detection API to detect objects in images.
A command line tool for using the WebExtension APIs from Node.js.
A command line tool for validating the integrity of your Python virtual environments.
A command line tool for verifying the integrity of macOS software updates using the Apple Signing Service.
A command line tool for viewing and analyzing historical and real-time performance metrics of your software.
A command line tool for viewing and editing the settings of the various settings.json files in a directory structure.
A command line tool for viewing and managing your Docker containers.
A command line tool for viewing the contents of an archive in a pager.
A command line tool for viewing the structure of directories.
A command line tool for visualizing the contents of a git repository’s branches and tags.
A command line tool for watching for changes on a file system and running a command each time a change is detected.
A command line tool for writing a Markdown document and generating a PDF, HTML, or EPUB file.
A command line tool for writing a blog post.
A command line tool for writing and publishing one-line poems.
A command line tool for writing functional tests in Node.js and ES2015.
A command line tool for writing to a Git repository's tag or branch.
A command line tool for writing tutorials as executable examples.
A command line tool for writing, organizing, and sharing notes.
A command line tool for writing, running, and debugging tests.
A command line tool for writing, running, and sharing your unit tests.
A command line tool for “paying it forward” by donating to open source projects.
A command line tool that adds the ability to download and play YouTube videos on your command line.
A command line tool that allows you to access closed-captioned video and use it to create subtitles in your language.
A command line tool that allows you to edit and interact with the DOM of running websites.
A command line tool that analyzes the contents of a folder to generate a report on the folder's contents and structure.
A command line tool that automatically converts your text into different languages.
A command line tool that automatically creates new files in local directories using a shell script.
A command line tool that calculates the probability of winning the game of Go.
A command line tool that can generate a new repo on GitHub or Bitbucket from a template.
A command line tool that converts email addresses into a list of valid recipient addresses.
A command line tool that detects and analyzes the dependencies in your JavaScript projects.
A command line tool that finds the largest files in a directory structure.
A command line tool that finds vulnerabilities in your npm packages by analyzing their source code.
A command line tool that generates Markdown documentation from annotated source code.
A command line tool that generates a random SVG graphic on every run.
A command line tool that generates pixel-perfect, responsive SVGs with the ability to include data from many different data sources.
A command line tool that identifies and visualizes patterns of suspicious activity in your IIS log files.
A command line tool that lets you create, modify, and interact with a database of your choice through a simple, unified interface.
A command line tool that lets you easily download and convert YouTube videos to MP3.
A command line tool that lets you produce beautiful ASCII art from simple text input.
A command line tool that reports the mean, maximum, and minimum values of a numeric column in a CSV file.
A command line tool that scans your code for issues like security vulnerabilities, performance problems, and code smells.
A command line tool that summarizes the most interesting information about a Git project in a single command.
A command line tool that turns a PDF file into an interactive, clickable image map.
A command line tool that uses a Markov Chain to generate random but realistic and well-formed sentences.
A command line tool that uses the SHA-256 hash to determine how similar two files are.
A command line tool that will automatically detect and fix problems in your CSS files, such as using the wrong selector, spacing, or using !important.
A command line tool to automatically add a list of new libraries to the environment variable PATH of your shell.
A command line tool to convert your MAME ROMs into the format used by Atari 2600 emulators.
A command line tool to help you keep your terminal sessions alive between restarts.
A command line tool to run the same command on multiple machines and aggregate the output.
A command line utility for automatically creating a git repository, creating a project skeleton, and adding files to the repo.
A command line utility for comparing the actual power consumption of a Linux computer against the advertised CPU power consumption.
A command line utility for converting a directory of images to a video.
A command line utility for converting a folder of images into a video.
A command line utility for converting images into ASCII art.
A command line utility for converting numbers to words.
A command line utility for creating and deploying AWS Lambda functions using the Go language.
A command line utility for finding unused images in your website's media library.
A command line utility for managing the static files of a website.
A command line utility for opening a random image from a given directory.
A command line utility for pushing web content to your desktop.
A command line utility for quickly generating a high quality PDF of a web page.
A command line utility for quickly looking up and generating random passwords.
A command line utility for rendering Jekyll posts as HTML, PDF, EPUB, MOBI, and more.
A command line utility for simulating user activities on Windows.
A command line utility for taking a screenshot of an entire web page.
A command line utility for taking screenshots of websites at full resolution.
A command line utility for testing your HTTP library's compatibility with various web servers.
A command line utility for writing to audio CDs.
A command line utility that can resize, crop, and rotate images.
A command line utility that generates a simple README file and license for your project.
A command line utility to generate a list of all of the open source projects you contribute to.
A command line utility to generate command line aliases for Bash commands.
A command-line app for creating image based ASCII art.
A command-line interface for interacting with the Ethereum blockchain.
A command-line interface to manage multiple Evernote accounts.
A command-line tool for automatically converting your Markdown notes to HTML.
A command-line tool for automating the process of installing and updating all of the packages in the Python ecosystem.
A command-line tool for converting JPEGs into GIF animations.
A command-line tool for converting webpages into PDF files using Webkit.
A command-line tool for creating a custom Linux distribution from a set of pre-installed packages, a package manager, and an init system.
A command-line tool for creating and sharing slideshows of your favorite pictures.
A command-line tool for deploying the same codebase to multiple cloud providers.
A command-line tool for encrypting and decrypting messages using the same strong encryption algorithm used by PGP.
A command-line tool for finding and replacing text in files in a directory tree.
A command-line tool for generating a JSON schema from a given YAML document.
A command-line tool for generating user-facing documentation for your Node.js applications.
A command-line tool for managing and backing up a user’s dotfiles.
A command-line tool for quickly viewing, editing, and sharing log files.
A command-line tool for removing duplicate files from a directory tree.
A command-line tool that automatically generates a new website from an existing one.
A command-line tool that converts PDFs into PNG images.
A community for game developers to learn and share ideas.
A community-backed alternative to Patreon, focusing on small monthly payments to artists with no middleman.
A community-driven fork of the Heroku platform.
A community-driven, open source, free replacement for Slack.
A community-maintained list of the best free resources for learning to program in JavaScript.
A compiler for the Go language that produces optimized machine code for building single-file, stand-alone executables.
A complete rewrite of the default DataTables jQuery plugin that removes the bloat and adds lots of new features.
A complete solution for testing your Ansible playbooks for syntax errors and best practices violations.
A complete stack of applications, services, and infrastructure for hosting your own website.
A complete toolchain for compiling Go code to WebAssembly.
A complete user interface for the Rust programming language.
A complete, cross-platform, open source replacement for macOS built in Rust.
A complete, portable, free-to-use implementation of the Game Boy Color/Advance/SP handheld gaming console.
A completely decentralized alternative to Patreon.
A composable, reusable UI library for web applications.
A computer game where you manage and research the life of a small tribe in the Stone Age.
A computer vision library that can run on a Raspberry Pi, powered by TensorFlow for Python.
A computer vision library written in Rust that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A container management system that adds a privacy filter to all of the container images in the Docker Hub.
A content management system for creating and publishing Wikipedia-like websites.
A continuous integration and delivery server in Python.
A cross platform, self-hosted to-do list manager based on the Todo.txt file format.
A cross-platform Git client with a built-in terminal for easily playing around with Git repositories.
A cross-platform IDE for Rust.
A cross-platform IDE for WebAssembly.
A cross-platform IDE for building native desktop applications using Xamarin.
A cross-platform alternative to Hangouts/Skype/Telegram with end-to-end encryption.
A cross-platform app for browsing and reading EPUB e-books.
A cross-platform application framework for building desktop applications using only HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
A cross-platform application that lets you create, train, and deploy Deep RL agents in a desktop environment with a visual interface.
A cross-platform audio mixer written in Python using the Pygame library.
A cross-platform chat application with end-to-end encryption and a focus on usability and design.
A cross-platform code editor written in Rust.
A cross-platform desktop app for managing cryptocurrencies.
A cross-platform desktop application for managing passwords stored in 1Password.
A cross-platform desktop application for using the Tor network.
A cross-platform desktop application for viewing, editing, and sharing Jupyter notebooks.
A cross-platform desktop application that allows you to use your phone as a keyboard, mouse, and touchpad for your computer.
A cross-platform desktop application that can be used to set up and manage a secure, self-hosted, and encrypted cloud storage service.
A cross-platform development environment for creating visual novels and other interactive stories.
A cross-platform game engine for building 3D games with WebGL support.
A cross-platform image viewer with a nice UI and convenient keyboard shortcuts for quickly altering images.
A cross-platform open source operating system written in Rust.
A cross-platform open source video editing application.
A cross-platform password manager that locks your data in a "blackbox" that is impossible to decrypt without the master password.
A cross-platform tool for generating diagrams, like UML diagrams, flow charts, and more.
A cross-platform tool for running automated tests on Android and iOS applications.
A cross-platform tool for taking notes in Markdown and todo.txt format, similar to the Notational Velocity or TaskPaper text editors.
A cross-platform video game emulator for playing old games.
A cross-platform web browser built with the Chromium source code.
A cross-platform, free, open source, and privacy-focused cloud computing solution.
A cross-platform, language-agnostic tool for managing and deploying your projects' dependencies.
A cross-platform, multi-language, low-level graphics library.
A cross-platform, open source 3D game engine for the C++ programming language.
A cross-platform, open source IDE for Rust with integrated Rustdoc, syntax highlighting, code completion, and more.
A cross-platform, open source screen recorder that supports capture of the desktop, a browser tab, or a selected area.
A cross-platform, open source version of Gifski for Windows, Linux, and macOS.
A cross-platform, open source version of Spotify.
A cross-platform, open source, and self-hosted alternative to Google Docs.
A cross-platform, open source, and self-hosted replacement for the Pushover push notification service.
A cross-platform, open source, self-hosted version of Slack.
A cross-platform, open source, web-based IDE for developing in Haskell.
A cross-platform, open-source game development framework.
A cross-platform, self-hosted Google Analytics alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A cross-platform, self-hosted Trello clone.
A cross-platform, self-hosted application for managing your TODO list.
A cross-platform, self-hosted version of the Trello product.
A cross-platform, terminal-based version of Apple's iOS Notes app.
A cryptocurrency that is backed by a basket of other cryptocurrencies.
A cryptocurrency that leverages the lightning network to provide a scalable, instant, and low-fee payment layer on top of any blockchain.
A curated list of free and paid source code for machine learning in Python.
A curated list of great information security blogs and podcasts.
A curated list of tools, frameworks, and resources for building software on the Parity Ethereum client.
A custom Linux distribution for running a hardware or software security testing lab.
A custom Linux distro built from scratch with performance, security, and privacy in mind.
A custom Linux install disk that provides a streamlined development environment.
A custom Linux kernel for the Raspberry Pi 3.
A custom operating system for the Raspberry Pi, based on Linux, that boots from an SD card.
A dashboard for monitoring the status of the machines in your data center.
A data center automation tool for physical servers and virtual machines.
A data platform that lets you write your own queries on top of open data sets, with support for SQL, Python, and more.
A data science library for Python that helps you build machine learning models and make predictions.
A data visualization tool for creating network diagrams from IP addresses.
A data visualizer for the Jupyter notebook that allows you to interact with your data in real time.
A database of animated 2D sprites for video game development written in C++.
A database of open source projects that you can practice fuzzing on, including the code, datasets, test cases, and more.
A database server for making web applications more scalable and secure.
A decentralized 2D grid or list of strings or numbers written in JavaScript.
A decentralized DNS server built on top of Ethereum.
A decentralized command-line file downloading tool that lets you download files from the Freenet peer-to-peer network.
A decentralized database built on top of blockchain technology and based on content-addressable storage.
A decentralized email service that enables you to own your email and data.
A decentralized message board that runs on Ethereum smart contracts and IPFS.
A decentralized messaging system that uses nodes running on the Ethereum blockchain.
A decentralized music streaming service built on top of the InterPlanetary File System.
A decentralized peer-to-peer lending platform backed by a DAO that issues loans backed by cryptocurrency collateral.
A decentralized service for safely storing and sharing medical records.
A decentralized social network backed by a blockchain and enforced by a reputation system.
A decentralized social network built on top of a blockchain.
A decentralized social network that works without a central server and keeps all user data encrypted.
A decentralized social network where users are the owners of their data and the network cannot be censored.
A decentralized social network with a focus on privacy and security.
A decentralized software platform for building social and mobile apps.
A decentralized storage system for the web that allows you to host your content on your own servers while still being able to publish it to the web.
A decentralized version control system that allows you to make commits, branch, and merge in a manner similar to Git.
A decentralized version of Google Analytics that doesn’t track any personal information about the users and is resistant to censorship.
A decentralized version of Patreon for artists and creators.
A decentralized version of YouTube that allows anyone to upload videos and earn cryptocurrency for their work.
A decentralized version of the current internet that is not controlled by any single company or government.
A decentralized version of the popular image host Imgur.
A decentralized, P2P replacement for DNS.
A decentralized, blockchain-based replacement for the Certificate Authority system.
A decentralized, blockchain-based social network that rewards users for posting quality content.
A decentralized, censorship-resistant, and community-owned social network.
A decentralized, federated social network built with React and React Native on top of IPFS.
A decentralized, secure, and censorship-resistant alternative to DNS.
A decentralized, secure, and private replacement for YouTube.
A decentralized, self-hosted alternative to GitHub that encrypts your code in transit and at rest.
A decentralized, self-hosted version of Stripe that allows you to accept payment in cryptocurrency.
A decentralized, trustless version of the Mechanical Turk.
A deep learning library, written from scratch, that is designed to be easy to use and that can be embedded in other systems.
A design tool for creating beautiful, functional web interfaces.
A desktop app for finding and removing duplicate files.
A desktop app that allows you to browse and edit multiple files from the terminal, with syntax highlighting, multiple cursors, and more.
A desktop app that lets you see which of your open source projects are most popular on GitHub.
A desktop application for browsing, downloading, and updating the list of packages in your Linux distribution's software repositories.
A desktop application for browsing, visualizing, and producing maps of word frequencies in source code.
A desktop application for converting any image file to a base64-encoded data URI.
A desktop application for converting any website into an offline app.
A desktop application for creating 3D models from photographs.
A desktop application for creating 3D models of objects using geometric primitives.
A desktop application for creating a website from your favorite content from the internet.
A desktop application for creating and running experiments to test changes to the design and user experience of a web app.
A desktop application for creating websites with a focus on customizability, extensibility, and usability.
A desktop application for creating, editing, and managing your to-do list.
A desktop application for data visualization and analysis written in Python using the matplotlib library.
A desktop application for displaying and annotating image files.
A desktop application for downloading and organizing images from Reddit and Imgur.
A desktop application for editing Python source files.
A desktop application for exploring and managing the Linux file system.
A desktop application for exposing the power of the Linux terminal in a user-friendly way.
A desktop application for generating and manipulating PostScript.
A desktop application for generating images of the Mandelbrot or Julia sets.
A desktop application for interacting with the Ethereum blockchain.
A desktop application for launching graphical applications from the command line.
A desktop application for managing and deploying multiple instances of Kubernetes clusters.
A desktop application for managing and deploying serverless functions to your favorite cloud provider.
A desktop application for managing your cryptocurrency portfolio that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A desktop application for managing your podcast subscriptions and listening to podcasts.
A desktop application for performing large-scale text analysis on a text corpus.
A desktop application for playing a guessing game where you figure out which of two images is most similar to a third image.
A desktop application for playing tabletop games such as Dungeons & Dragons.
A desktop application for producing and exporting interactive 3D visualizations of scientific data, such as process flows or molecule structures.
A desktop application for quickly and easily encrypting and decrypting arbitrary text.
A desktop application for recording your screen and broadcasting your desktop to the world.
A desktop application for securely managing SSH keys, passwords, and other secrets.
A desktop application for sharing information about the security of your public SSH keys.
A desktop application for storing and editing your notes in Markdown.
A desktop application for streaming Netflix videos to Chromecast.
A desktop application for taking notes and storing information that can be accessed from anywhere on any device.
A desktop application for taking notes in the style of OneNote.
A desktop application for turning your hand-drawn sketches into vector graphics.
A desktop application for using the Docker Remote API and managing containers.
A desktop application for using the new Dark Mode in macOS Catalina.
A desktop application that allows you to explore the source code of the software you’re running.
A desktop application that allows you to use the Mac OS X dictation feature on Windows.
A desktop application that analyzes code style and helps you to write code that follows the style of a given codebase.
A desktop application that analyzes the strength of your password and generates a unique username for you.
A desktop application that automatically downloads and decodes videos from YouTube, Vimeo, and other sites.
A desktop application that automatically generates a random password for you and saves it to the macOS keychain.
A desktop application that automatically generates and publishes a newsletter to your audience.
A desktop application that automatically generates and uploads GIFs and short video clips from a list of URLs.
A desktop application that automatically makes bets on sporting events based on data from the web.
A desktop application that creates random but realistic-looking data.
A desktop application that estimates the total cost of a project and breaks down the individual costs of each task.
A desktop application that finds the best resolution for images on the web based on the size of their parent element.
A desktop application that generates random art in the style of the painter Jackson Pollock.
A desktop application that lets you tweak your photos with a variety of photo filters.
A desktop application that offers a text-based interface to the social media platform Mastodon.
A desktop application that provides a web-based front end to the Google Play Store.
A desktop application that provides an interface for communicating with and controlling a variety of smart devices.
A desktop application that renders a 3D scene from a 2D video of a rotating object.
A desktop application that searches your data in the cloud, allows you to save it to a local database, and then allows you to search that local database.
A desktop application that simplifies the process of creating and deploying a self-hosted website.
A desktop application that uses AI to automatically generate original, high-quality music from a single audio sample.
A desktop application that uses Google's AutoML Vision API to identify objects in live video.
A desktop application that uses a clever algorithm to discover the hidden meaning in any piece of text.
A desktop application that uses a deep learning model to generate colorful music in the style of your favorite artist.
A desktop application that uses a deep neural network to generate original music in the style of your favorite artist.
A desktop application that uses a genetic algorithm to automatically generate CSS for a given HTML page.
A desktop application that uses a genetic algorithm to generate new ASCII art from existing ASCII art.
A desktop application that uses a genetic algorithm to generate new paint colors.
A desktop application that uses a genetic algorithm to generate unique color palettes.
A desktop application that uses a genetic algorithm to optimize your resume.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate a nonsense poem in the style of your favorite writer.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate alternative melodies for a given song.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate an original piece of music in the style of your favorite artist.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate jokes in the style of your favorite comedian.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate new musical compositions in the style of your favorite artist.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate original artwork in the style of your favorite artist.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate original images in the style of your favorite artist.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate original music in the style of your favorite artist.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate original music in the style of your favorite musician.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate original poetry in the style of your favorite poet.
A desktop application that uses a neural network to generate original video game music.
A desktop application that uses handwriting recognition to convert handwritten text into editable text.
A desktop application that uses machine learning to generate and modify images in real-time.
A desktop application that uses machine learning to generate original ASCII art from a source image.
A desktop application that uses machine learning to generate original music in the style of your favorite artist or genre.
A desktop application that uses machine learning to help you create better passwords.
A desktop application that uses machine learning to organize files and folders based on their contents.
A desktop application that uses natural language processing to extract data from academic papers.
A desktop application that uses neural networks to correct blurry, dark, or out of focus photographs.
A desktop application that uses neural networks to generate a new piece of music in the style of a given artist.
A desktop application that uses neural networks to generate animations and 2D art.
A desktop application that uses neural networks to generate drum beats.
A desktop application that uses neural networks to generate new fonts.
A desktop application that uses neural networks to generate new variations on already popular songs.
A desktop application that uses neural networks to generate unique music in the style of your favorite artist.
A desktop application that uses optical character recognition to convert images of text to text-searchable PDFs.
A desktop application that uses the same neural network as the one in the previous project to generate new music in the style of your favorite artist.
A desktop application that uses the same neural network to generate new music in the style of your favorite musician.
A desktop application that visualizes how your browser is collecting and using your data.
A desktop application written in Rust that lets you easily split your screen into tiled sections and launch apps in each.
A desktop application written in Rust that monitors your computer's hardware and reports any irregularities to a centralized server.
A desktop client for the 4chan imageboard website.
A desktop mail client with built-in support for Gmail and Exchange, as well as the ability to handle IMAP, POP3, and SMTP servers.
A desktop tool for tracking your time spent across multiple websites and applications.
A development framework for building applications that run in the web browser.
A development library for creating REST APIs for Python services without writing any boilerplate code.
A digital audio workstation for the Jack Audio Connection Kit (JACK) with a modern look and feel.
A directory of open source projects and code written in Rust.
A directory size scanner written in C#.
A distributed computation platform that lets anyone create, schedule, and run tasks on a network of computers.
A distributed computing framework for image recognition and machine learning.
A distributed data store for the blockchain.
A distributed file system for Linux written in Rust.
A distributed ledger technology that gives artists and creators a way to receive compensation for their work.
A distributed peer-to-peer network that can be used for storing encrypted data like chat messages or emails.
A distributed storage system that allows you to store data in multiple locations, replicate it, and sync it across multiple machines.
A distributed storage system with a built-in file system that uses IPFS for storage and BitTorrent for live replication.
A distributed version control system like Git that allows you to keep your data on your own servers and runs faster than Git.
A distributed version control system that stores code in a Git-like model on your local disk, syncs with peers, and lets you push to remote git repositories.
A distributed version control system written in Scala.
A distributed version of Redis that operates a shared-nothing architecture with strong consistency and automatic data sharding.
A distributed, decentralized social network where you own and control your own data.
A distributed, decentralized, version-controlled, web-based text editor.
A distributed, fault-tolerant, highly available log service for the cloud.
A distributed, fault-tolerant, scalable, chat service built on top of gevent.
A distributed, peer-to-peer version of the StackExchange API.
A distributed, self-hosted version of Twitter that stores all of your data on your own servers.
A django-based, extensible, modular, and customisable CMS platform for Drupal.
A drag-and-drop way to add and remove fields from your CRM and other database-backed applications.
A drop-in replacement for wget and curl written in Go that compresses its output.
A dual-screen Linux laptop that can be upgraded to run a modern version of Linux.
A dynamic DNS service using the Namecoin blockchain.
A fast and easy-to-use static site generator written in Python that makes it easy to build sites on GitHub Pages.
A fast and user-friendly alternative to Git, written in Go.
A fast new file system for Linux that aims to replace ext4 and support huge files, files larger than 1TB.
A fast, efficient, and secure JavaScript implementation of the Git file format.
A fast, lightweight, and extensible debugger for C/C++.
A fast, multi-threaded routing framework for Node.js.
A fast, non-intrusive, open source alternative to the default macOS Spotlight search tool.
A fast, self-hosted search engine with a simple RESTful API.
A faster, safer, and more secure alternative to the standard email client on iOS and Android.
A file compressor that can either replace gzip or bzip2 or act as a drop-in replacement for either of them.
A file synchronizer that supports both bidirectional and bi-directional sync, can run in the background as a daemon, and uses rsync under the hood.
A flutter plugin for detecting and preventing screen burn-in on iOS.
A fork of the Android operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as Android Pie.
A fork of the Jupyter notebook that adds support for Windows.
A fork of the Python interpreter that includes some experimental bytecodes.
A fork of the awesome-* projects that only lists projects that are actively maintained.
A form builder written in Meteor that allows you to create and embed forms on your website.
A framework for building 3D games in Python using the Pyglet library.
A framework for building AI assistants for Slack and other messaging apps.
A framework for building AWS Lambda functions that are continuously updated by new data files.
A framework for building a Slack clone in Ruby on Rails.
A framework for building a distributed social network on a single machine.
A framework for building a new generation of decentralized applications on the Ethereum blockchain.
A framework for building and deploying microservices, backed by a huge community of users and contributors.
A framework for building and training neural networks in Python.
A framework for building and training your own deep learning models.
A framework for building chatbots in Python.
A framework for building chatbots quickly in Python.
A framework for building command line tools in React.
A framework for building cross-platform applications that look and feel native on Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, and Android.
A framework for building cross-platform, native desktop apps with JavaScript and HTML.
A framework for building decentralized applications that run on the blockchain or use blockchain-like data structures.
A framework for building declarative machine learning models in Swift.
A framework for building fast, native GUI applications in Rust.
A framework for building generative adversarial network models that can be trained to perform targeted image editing.
A framework for building interactive command-line applications.
A framework for building live wallpapers for Android.
A framework for building microservices via the Phoenix web framework.
A framework for building native apps written in Go.
A framework for building online education platforms that are free from surveillance.
A framework for building open source software development communities.
A framework for building reactive, multi-platform, mobile applications using HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript.
A framework for building rich, interactive, and accessible single-page web apps.
A framework for building self-hosted file sharing web applications.
A framework for building self-hosted, serverless applications with a simple, functional API.
A framework for building simple, fast, and secure HTTP servers with minimal effort.
A framework for building standalone Electron applications with a focus on community-driven packages.
A framework for building terminal applications in Python with a focus on ease of use, high level API, and extensibility.
A framework for building web applications in Python that offers a new take on user authentication.
A framework for building websites with a focus on privacy, security, and freedom.
A framework for building your own Slack clone.
A framework for building, testing, and deploying applications in the browser.
A framework for building, training, and serving chatbots with natural language processing.
A framework for creating a chatbot for Slack or Telegram that can answer basic questions.
A framework for creating cross-platform live Linux distributions.
A framework for creating neural network models for machine learning on iOS.
A framework for developing and evaluating reinforcement learning algorithms.
A framework for developing conversational chatbots.
A framework for developing web applications in the Go programming language.
A framework for evaluating the security of websites.
A framework for experimenting with neural networks in Python.
A framework for managing the lifecycle of Docker containers.
A framework for monitoring Docker containers with a web interface.
A framework for running AI experiments on Amazon's EC2 service.
A framework for running and evaluating neural networks on a variety of available hardware, written in Python.
A framework for storing data in a Git repository that can be queried like a database.
A framework for training and evaluating AI models on a variety of open source datasets, including the COCO dataset.
A framework for training and evaluating AI models on a variety of openly available datasets.
A framework for using Python to build and train neural networks.
A framework for using R to generate static websites.
A framework for writing AI models that can reason about and take actions in the real world.
A framework for writing and launching web apps in JavaScript that run entirely in the browser with no server-side code.
A framework for writing command line tools in Go.
A framework for writing fast and user-friendly command-line tools.
A framework for writing full-stack web apps in Rust.
A framework for writing performant, JavaScript-based games and apps.
A framework for writing self-hosted JavaScript web applications that run on Node.js.
A framework in Rust for writing full-stack web apps that uses a safe and modern programming model.
A framework to monitor, profile, and debug your web application.
A free and open source CMS that’s available in multiple languages.
A free and open source Git client for Windows, Mac, and Linux with a focus on usability.
A free and open source GitHub client for Windows, Mac, and Linux.
A free and open source IDE for Rust with integrated Rustdoc, syntax highlighting, code completion, and more.
A free and open source alternative to AWS Lambda, written in Go.
A free and open source alternative to Apple's AirPods.
A free and open source alternative to Apple's Photos app.
A free and open source alternative to Google Compute Engine.
A free and open source alternative to Skype that offers better security and privacy.
A free and open source alternative to Slack.
A free and open source alternative to the Atlassian HipChat desktop app for Windows, Mac, and Linux.
A free and open source alternative to the Google Groups email lists platform.
A free and open source clone of Sim City 2000, with an open toolchain and open data.
A free and open source cloud computing platform that provides on-demand access to a self-healing, highly available, and scalable cloud infrastructure.
A free and open source cloud provider that runs in your browser.
A free and open source email client for Linux.
A free and open source game engine for 2D and 3D games with a visual editor.
A free and open source game engine for 2D game development.
A free and open source implementation of the Hadoop MapReduce framework.
A free and open source platform for easily writing, deploying, and distributing decentralized applications.
A free and open source service that lets you share large files with collaborators and clients.
A free and open source software suite for planning and managing the operations of a self-hosted cloud.
A free and open source tool for managing a team's repositories and workflow.
A free and open source virtual assistant for developers.
A free and open source web application for creating and running surveys in a variety of languages.
A free and open source web framework that provides a solid foundation for your next project.
A free and open source web-based IDE for building applications using the JavaScript programming language.
A free and open source, metadata-driven, social book cataloging and recommendation system for independent booksellers.
A free and open source, self-hosted, cloud-agnostic platform for building, testing, and deploying web applications and APIs.
A free coding-for-good class where you can learn to build useful open source projects and help others learn to code.
A free replacement for Adobe's Fireworks.
A free service for sharing large files with anyone.
A free version of the Programmable Chat service by Facebook.
A free version of the open source data analysis software, Tableau.
A free video editor for Windows and Linux that lets you create professional-quality edits with the click of a button.
A free, cross-platform, JavaScript 2D game engine.
A free, open source alternative to the Apache HTTP server.
A free, open source book on the basics of ethical hacking.
A free, open source license for the use of an individual in a single commercial or non-commercial project.
A free, open source platform for building and hosting websites with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security.
A free, open source platform for developing and running enterprise-grade blockchain applications.
A free, open source version of Amazon’s Alexa Skills Kit.
A free, open source version of Big Brother that can be installed on your own server and uses a decentralized, blockchain-based authentication system.
A free, open source version of BitTorrent Sync with unlimited storage and a web interface.
A free, open source version of Microsoft Project.
A free, open source web hosting service that offers many of the same features as Google Cloud Platform.
A free, open source, and browser-based alternative to Adobe Acrobat.
A free, open source, and secure alternative to the Amazon AWS API.
A free, open source, and secure service that lets you easily deploy, manage, and secure a fleet of drones.
A free, open source, and self-hosted alternative to MailChimp.
A free, open source, and self-hosted alternative to the Google Apps suite.
A free, open source, decentralized, and secure email provider with built-in end-to-end encryption.
A free, open source, offline, and official AWS CLI.
A free, open source, offline-first rich text editor application for the web.
A free, open source, self-hosted alternative to Basecamp
A free, open source, self-hosted alternative to GitHub where you own your data.
A free, open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Analytics.
A free, open source, self-hosted alternative to Slack for teams of all sizes.
A free, open source, self-hosted alternative to Slack.
A free, open source, self-hosted email replacement with built-in encryption.
A free, open source, self-hosted solution for online meetings and screen-sharing.
A free, open source, ultra-secure mobile OS for the next billion users.
A free, self-hosted alternative to Figma.
A free, self-hosted alternative to the Google Calendar API.
A free, self-hosted file syncing and sharing tool with features similar to Google Drive, Dropbox, and Microsoft OneDrive.
A free, self-hosted version of Google Tasks.
A free, self-hosted, and open source alternative to Microsoft OneDrive that runs on Linux, macOS, and Windows.
A free, self-hosted, open source Git service for public and private projects.
A free, self-hosted, open source SMS provider.
A free, self-hosted, open source alternative to ServiceNow.
A free-as-in-freedom alternative to GitHub.
A fresh new design for the XKCD website.
A front-end framework with a focus on UI and accessibility optimizations.
A frontend framework for building modern, interactive, and accessible websites.
A full-featured web app built on top of Cloudinary that automatically converts your website into mobile-friendly version.
A full-featured, syntax-aware code editor for Kotlin.
A full-stack JavaScript framework for building web applications with a focus on creating a great developer experience.
A full-stack framework for building better social networks.
A full-stack framework for building blockchain applications with a focus on usability and security.
A full-stack framework for building micro-service APIs with Python and Flask on top of Postgres and RabbitMQ.
A full-stack framework for building serverless web applications with a focus on usability, security, and scalability.
A full-stack framework for building serverless, real-time web applications with a focus on usability, security, and control.
A full-stack framework for building web applications in TypeScript with a focus on usability, security, and control.
A full-stack framework for creating Alexa skills written in TypeScript.
A full-stack framework for creating and maintaining the websites of non-profits, political campaigns, and other organizations.
A full-stack framework for developing and deploying web applications written in Go.
A full-stack framework that allows you to build, deploy, and host web applications using only JavaScript.
A full-stack video platform for the open source hardware video player, the Vero.
A full-stack web application for managing your podcast.
A full-stack web application framework with a focus on usability, security, and control.
A full-stack web application that lets you create, edit, and manage files in a Git repository from a simple web interface.
A full-stack web application to manage your personal finances that's written in Node.js.
A full-stack web application written in TypeScript that supports Markdown and Jekyll.
A full-stack web framework for Node.js.
A full-stack web framework for building reactive web applications in Python.
A full-stack, cloud-based development environment for building Laravel apps.
A full-stack, text editor-based IDE for writing real-world software at the speed of thought.
A fully free and open source replacement for the underpowered and insecure default text editor on macOS.
A fully open source operating system for the Enterprise, built on top of a microkernel and designed with modern applications in mind.
A fully-featured open source IDE for the Swift programming language.
A fully-featured, browser-based IDE in your browser.
A fully-featured, browser-based terminal that allows you to run Linux commands in your browser.
A fully-featured, extensible, and open source BitTorrent client.
A fully-featured, self-hosted version of Google Apps that doesn't rely on a third-party provider for any of its features.
A fun and interesting project for exploring the limits of what can be done with a neural network.
A fun, open-source clone of the popular 2048 game with 2048-like features.
A fun, simple programming language for beginning programmers.
A functional programming framework for writing applications in Python using the async/await syntax.
A game about a computer hacking network security, written in Python using Pygame.
A game about exploring a space station and figuring out what happened to the crew.
A game about the experience of being a member of an oppressed underclass in a dictatorship.
A game development engine using the Haxe programming language.
A game development environment built on top of Electron with Haxe and HaxeFlow that runs on Windows, Mac, and Linux.
A game development framework for building simple 2D games with Python and Pygame.
A game development library for 2D games with a focus on simplicity and speed.
A game engine and development environment for writing 2D games in Lua.
A game engine built with Unreal Engine 4 and C# that allows you to build, play, and share your game.
A game engine for building 2D games in Python using Pygame.
A game engine for building 2D platformers in C++.
A game engine for creating 2D and 3D games written in C++.
A game engine for creating 2D games that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A game engine for creating 3D games in web browsers that works like a combination of Unity and ThreeJS.
A game engine for creating online, browser-based multiplayer text adventure games.
A game engine for creating tile-based isometric 3D games with a focus on the tools rather than the engine.
A game engine for designing and developing 3D video games.
A game engine for developing 2D games in Python using the Pygame library.
A game engine for developing 2D games with a simple, easy to use API.
A game engine for making 2D games in Python that is similar to the ones used in the original Star Wars game for the Atari.
A game engine for web browsers that can be used to create both 2D and 3D games.
A game engine for web games that's designed to be efficient and fun to use.
A game engine for writing 2D games using HTML5 and JavaScript.
A game engine framework for building 2D games in Python using the Pygame library.
A game engine with a focus on simplicity, ease of use, and being fun.
A game engine written in C# and running on .NET Core.
A game engine written in C++ with a graphical editor available in the browser.
A game engine written in Go.
A game engine written in JavaScript that is compatible with the Phaser framework.
A game engine written in Python.
A game engine written in Rust for building 2D and 3D games.
A game engine written in Rust that is capable of building games like Factorio and Construct2.
A game engine written in Rust that is designed to be fast, stable, and portable across multiple platforms.
A game engine written in Rust that runs on Windows, Mac, and Linux.
A game engine written in Rust that supports cross-platform development using WebGL and native compiling.
A game engine written in Rust with support for both 2D and 3D games using OpenGL.
A game for learning about artificial intelligence and neural networks.
A game for learning about various machine learning concepts at the same time you’re having fun playing.
A game for two players that uses a neural network to change the rules of the game in real time.
A game inspired by the classic Asteroids arcade game.
A game jam that gathers a community of developers around a theme each month.
A game jam that has you build an entire game from a random theme.
A game of competitive text editing.
A game of luck, skill, and reflexes that lets you control a constantly-growing tree.
A game server API for writing multiplayer games, multiplayer bots, and matchmaking servers.
A game server for Minecraft written in Go and programmed to be self-hosted.
A game server for the game Escape from Tarkov.
A game server for the popular game Factorio.
A game server framework written in Python/C++ that allows you to easily create and run virtual game servers.
A game server framework written in Rust.
A game server that lets you play StarCraft on-line with your friends using the open source game engine.
A game server that runs inside a Minecraft server.
A game server written in Go for building text-based multiplayer games.
A game server written in Go where players can create their own worlds.
A game server written in Rust and designed to run a variety of role-playing games, including Dungeons & Dragons and Pathfinder.
A game similar to Bomberman with the objective of spreading your blob across the map.
A game similar to the classic Minesweeper, written in C# and Unity.
A game streaming service, like Twitch or Mixer, except without the centralized servers.
A game that teaches the basics of machine learning concepts including regression and classification.
A game that teaches you how to use Git.
A game where you build a computer in the 1980s and try to make it the fastest in the world by writing assembly code.
A game where you control a character that avoids obstacles by jumping on top of other characters.
A game where you control a player on the field with a variety of football-related powers.
A game where you play as a virus and try to infect as many computers as possible.
A game where you race against other autonomous characters through obstacle courses and try to beat the fastest path.
A game where you run around as a dinosaur and eat small animals.
A game where you take photos of famous paintings and turn them into ASCII-art representations.
A game written in Haskell that teaches you about the game of Nim.
A game written in Python for learning how to program.
A game written in Python that puts the player in the role of a rollercoaster designer.
A game written in Rust using the Piston game engine.
A game-like programming environment for learning how to program.
A general purpose data processing engine capable of running batch, interactive, and real-time workloads on Apache Spark.
A general purpose debugger for Linux.
A general purpose, high-performance neural network framework written in Go.
A generic "shell" for running Python scripts in a Docker container.
A generic, fully-featured, and extensible chat server written in Node.js.
A golang library for mining git repositories for security vulnerabilities
A graph database that supports custom indexes and a variety of popular graph queries.
A graphical debugger for Rust that works both standalone and as a plugin for Atom, Visual Studio Code, and other editors.
A graphical frontend for Minecraft written in C#.
A graphical frontend for the ip command line tool that displays your statistics in a more readable format.
A graphical tool for creating and organizing your bookmarks.
A graphical tool for editing metadata in JSON files.
A graphical tool for testing and debugging networked applications.
A graphical tool for verifying that software written in C is free of buffer overflows.
A graphical tool for writing and running Dockerfiles and managing your containers.
A graphical tool that lets you browse HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files in the terminal.
A graphical tool to convert regular English into the esoteric programming language Forth.
A graphical user interface for managing a Whonix gateway.
A graphical user interface for managing your data and deploying it to the cloud.
A graphical user interface for testing and managing a popular cryptocurrency wallet.
A guide to setting up a personal cloud file storage system with attached hardware, using only free and open source software.
A hackable electronic book for kids.
A hardware device for securely storing secrets in tamper-evident, self-destructing memory.
A hardware emulator for the 2017 Google Pixel phone.
A hardware-agnostic, open-source, and moddable voice assistant.
A headless Minecraft server written in Go.
A headless browser built on top of the WebKit rendering engine.
A headless browser for completing web tasks against a variety of backends and APIs.
A helper library for creating and verifying BIP39 mnemonic codes.
A high performance, low latency, and scalable message queue for Node.js.
A high-performance browser engine written in Rust that provides intelligent tracking prevention while still supporting legacy plugins.
A high-performance command line tool for checking the syntax of your shell scripts.
A high-performance video parser written in Rust.
A high-performance, event-driven web framework for Python that is built on top of Twisted.
A high-performance, low-level library for building graphics-rich applications.
A high-performance, open source command line interface for Google Translate.
A high-quality full-stack framework for Node.js that uses TypeScript, an IDE built on top of Electron, and a desktop app built on top of it.
A high-quality video diff tool for automatically comparing videos to find changes between them.
A highly configurable JSON-to-CSV converter written in Python.
A highly configurable and programmable motion capture system designed for the Raspberry Pi.
A highly configurable, standards-compliant command-line HTTP client.
A highly extensible command line tool for managing your dotfiles.
A home automation server with a web-based interface to manage devices in your home.
A homebrew computer with a screen, speakers, and keyboard instead of a traditional microprocessor, capable of running emulators, games, and operating systems.
A hosted open source bug tracker that allows you to keep your data on your own servers.
A hosted, private, and secure email service that includes encryption, easy-to-use client applications, and customer-friendly interfaces.
A hypervisor for the Raspberry Pi that allows you to run multiple operating systems on a single machine.
A job board for posting open source project needs and finding talented contributors.
A job board website similar to Hacker News or Reddit job board but with better design, less spam, and better rules.
A job scheduler and queue written in Go.
A keyboard that has a display screen built in and a simple way for users to record and play back macros.
A knowledge-based AI chatbot for Slack that uses natural language processing to understand your intent.
A language for writing virtual machines, inspired by Smalltalk, Self, and Lisp.
A language learning game that uses the same underlying technology as the Duolingo app.
A language parser and type checker for JavaScript, written in JavaScript.
A language-agnostic API for performing web searches.
A language-agnostic API that allows you to create and connect to a virtualized network of computers.
A language-agnostic framework for building a botnet.
A language-agnostic framework for building web apps that scale to a million users.
A language-agnostic framework for creating and deploying serverless microservices.
A language-agnostic machine translator for converting text into the Swedish language.
A language-agnostic platform for creating and running machine learning models in web browsers.
A language-agnostic, open source alternative to Docker that uses a functional programming style and runs on many types of platforms.
A large-scale, high-performance JavaScript parser.
A library for accessing the Google Maps Roads API with Kotlin.
A library for adding in-app user guides to your iOS apps.
A library for analyzing and transforming CSV files.
A library for building 3D representations of the internals of a computer.
A library for building GUIs in Lua.
A library for building JavaScript applications using React, Redux, React Router, and other React-related libraries.
A library for building a Slack clone in Ruby.
A library for building a variety of barcode images in an efficient and easy to use way.
A library for building chatbots in Node.js.
A library for building command line apps in Rust.
A library for building command line interfaces in Python.
A library for building command-line interfaces in Python.
A library for building distributed applications in Python.
A library for building fast, modern, standards-compliant web apps with TypeScript.
A library for building graphical user interfaces in Python.
A library for building iOS applications, including a full UI library and a networking library.
A library for building native desktop applications with Python.
A library for building native desktop applications with Web technologies.
A library for building native desktop apps with Rust.
A library for building rich, interactive visualizations of high-dimensional data sets.
A library for building web apps using the Go programming language that uses the database/sql interface.
A library for conducting fast, flexible, and accurate geolocation using the power of the Google Maps API.
A library for converting C-like code into D code.
A library for converting Lua code to C without using the Lua C API.
A library for converting a string of text into a sequence of images.
A library for creating 2D games in Unity.
A library for creating 2D tile-based maps using data from OpenStreetMap.
A library for creating and drawing 2D shapes in the browser.
A library for creating and executing GPG-signed commands remotely.
A library for creating and manipulating PDF files in Python.
A library for creating and manipulating human-readable, DOM-style HTML documents in Python.
A library for creating and rendering 3D worlds in Python.
A library for creating and training deep learning models.
A library for creating beautiful charts using Python and the Plotly library.
A library for creating interactive visualizations of your code.
A library for creating interactive, GIF-like images using the HTML5 canvas element.
A library for creating interactive, dynamic real-time visualizations for data sets.
A library for creating super-fast, high-quality, and zero-config web servers.
A library for cross-platform system monitoring in Ruby.
A library for cross-platform usage of the OpenGIS WKT format.
A library for detecting and extracting GIFs from YouTube videos.
A library for detecting faces and other objects in images.
A library for displaying the progress bar animating on the macOS menu bar.
A library for doing automated code review of your JavaScript codebase, and then publishing the code that passes your tests to NPM.
A library for easy and efficient 2D game development in C++ that uses OpenGL.
A library for executing a series of shell commands asynchronously in Node.js.
A library for generating 2D animations from a set of images.
A library for generating and verifying JWT tokens.
A library for generating random 2D terrain using Perlin noise.
A library for making asynchronous HTTP requests that can be executed in parallel and will automatically retry failed requests.
A library for making it easy to build a chatbot for Discord.
A library for making it easy to build your own terminal based text games while using a text-based language.
A library for making it easy to write shell scripts in Node.js.
A library for making voice calls and sending text messages via the Asterisk PBX.
A library for managing software installations on your computer.
A library for modeling, training, and visualizing generative adversarial networks in TensorFlow.
A library for multithreaded applications to provide rendezvous-based parallelism.
A library for parsing and generating JSON files.
A library for parsing, analyzing, and generating MIDI music files.
A library for parsing, reading, and writing JSON in C++.
A library for reading and writing Xcode projects.
A library for rendering animations in Minecraft.
A library for rendering lines and curves in 2D using only HTML and CSS.
A library for running a full stack web application written in Rust that uses Websockets for real-time communication.
A library for running bots on Discord.
A library for sending and receiving iMessages in Python.
A library for transforming JSON into HTML documents.
A library for using the Ethereum blockchain as a distributed database.
A library for using the WebSocket protocol in Node.js.
A library for working with the Apple Push Notification service in Python.
A library for writing 3D programs in Python with the ability to easily convert models into meshes and write shaders.
A library for writing a cross-platform desktop application in Rust.
A library for writing a simple program in Python that you can easily convert into a chatbot.
A library for writing and playing interactive fiction in Python.
A library for writing bots for Slack.
A library for writing command line applications in Python.
A library for writing native Node.js extensions in Rust.
A library for writing parallel programs in Python.
A library for writing terminal applications in Python.
A library for writing your own plugins for the popular Moom window manager.
A library in Python for defining and using functional tests more easily.
A library of reusable widgets for building desktop applications in C# or C++.
A library that makes it easier for developers to add support for drag and drop file uploads in their applications.
A library that makes it easy to build graphical user interfaces (GUIs) in Julia with a focus on performance, portability, and ease of use.
A library that makes it easy to perform text classification, tokenization, and sentence segmentation on a sentence-by-sentence basis.
A library that provides a high-level API for training and evaluating machine learning models.
A library written in Swift for creating an interactive timeline in your iOS app.
A light-weight version of the Mozilla Firefox browser for Windows, Linux, and macOS that runs entirely in the browser process.
A lightweight JavaScript library for loading and manipulating 3D models.
A lightweight browser that includes a built in file manager and an ad blocker.
A lightweight, cloud-based IDE for writing Rust code and managing your Rust projects.
A lightweight, cross-platform, rich text editor written in Python.
A lightweight, secure, and fast alternative to the default Linux web browser.
A lightweight, self-hosted alternative to Trello for project management.
A list of free training resources for becoming a data scientist.
A list of free, open source books for programmers.
A list of ideas for open source projects in the field of computer graphics.
A list of languages, frameworks, and tools to learn in 2019.
A list of open source projects for improving your game development skills.
A list of open source projects for learning Apple's Swift programming language.
A list of open source projects for learning and using machine learning.
A list of open source projects in need of a maintainer.
A list of open source projects that are great for speed and performance testing.
A list of open source projects to help make the world a better place.
A list of open source projects to help you get started with machine learning and data science.
A list of open source projects to learn Go, a compiled general-purpose programming language that runs on Linux and Mac and Windows.
A list of open source projects to learn about building backends in Go.
A list of open source projects to learn about real-world cryptography and privacy technologies in use today.
A list of open source projects to learn development best practices.
A list of open source projects to learn how to program in a functional style.
A list of open source projects to practice machine learning on.
A list of open source projects to practice penetration testing on.
A list of open source projects to practice software security testing on.
A list of open source projects to practice source code analysis on.
A list of open source projects to practice source code auditing on.
A list of open source projects to practice source code auditing.
A list of open source projects to practice test-driven development on.
A list of open source projects to practice web app testing on.
A list of open source projects to practice web design.
A list of open source projects to practice web development on.
A list of open source projects to practice writing tests for.
A list of simple, self-contained, reusable React components.
A list of the best open source React.js projects.
A list of the best resources for learning the Python programming language.
A local development environment for working with the Go programming language.
A local search engine that helps you find restaurants, stores, and other businesses in your area.
A local, high-performance key-value store written in Rust.
A low-latency, high-performance network driver that allows you to read data from your computer's memory by streaming it over the network.
A macOS app that allows users to easily use their Mac like a Linux desktop.
A macOS application for creating and managing virtual 3D printers in a virtual reality environment.
A macOS application for moving files to and from an external SSD in a convenient and fast way.
A machine learning framework for Java that can be used to train deep learning models with a focus on ease of use.
A machine learning framework for Node.js that makes it easier to build applications that can learn from data.
A machine learning framework for embedded systems.
A machine learning library for generating speech from text using a recurrent neural network.
A manifest for adding a browser extension to Chrome that adds a command line interface to your browser.
A map of your world in ASCII art, using only the most common characters in the English language.
A markup language for writing articles, blog posts, and websites.
A massively multiplayer game of Go with a fully-featured graphical interface.
A massively parallel distributed supercomputer, built on top of a blockchain.
A means of running a serverless version of your website, written in Python, using Flask and Nginx.
A means of simulating the effects of various pathogens on a large population of people.
A member of the BitTorrent family of peer-to-peer protocols that allows you to build your own self-hosted file distribution network.
A message server for iOS written in Swift.
A method for tracking changes to your OpenSSH server configuration.
A method of using a decentralized blockchain as a decentralized database for a decentralized web application.
A microservice framework for Node.js that allows you to easily connect multiple microservices together to build a complex system.
A microservice written in Go for running your own encrypted query service.
A microservices platform for AWS and other cloud providers.
A minimalist framework for building high-performance, distributed microservices.
A minimalist text editor for writing code in C++, C, Java, or JavaScript.
A minimalistic web framework in Python that encourages the use of functional programming patterns.
A mobile app for automatically transcribing audio recordings to text.
A mobile app for finding and booking vacation rentals.
A mobile app for keeping track of your Net Neutrality and privacy support.
A mobile app for sharing your location with friends and family without depending on a centralized service.
A mobile app for tracking and analyzing your cryptocurrency holdings.
A mobile app that uses a neural network to suggest the next thing you should work on.
A mobile app to help people avoid talking to their co-workers.
A mobile app with a simple, clean interface that helps you meet new people in your area and keep in touch with them.
A mobile team communication platform that includes file sharing, screen sharing, and more.
A mod for Minecraft that replaces the game's textures and audio assets with a brand new set.
A modern online office suite that is open source, online, and collaborative.
A modern replacement for the IRC protocol.
A modern replacement for the classic Mac OS X Dock.
A modern web browser with a built-in ad blocker, zero tracking, and an optional password manager.
A modern, cross platform IDE based on the Electron framework for writing desktop and mobile applications in Python.
A modern, cross-platform, high-performance Web server written in Rust.
A modern, flexible, and extensible open source framework for building bots for Slack.
A modern, open source, and modular web browser with a built-in PDF reader and support for the Web Speech API.
A modern, web-based document editor for your company's intranet.
A modular development environment written in Rust using the GTK+3 library.
A modular toolkit for building database-driven web applications with React.
A module for Node.js that allows you to easily set up and use a single-page application JavaScript framework.
A module for the Python programming language to make it easier to deploy applications to Google App Engine.
A module system for Node.js with a focus on security and performance.
A monitoring and alerting system for the Kubernetes container orchestration platform.
A motion-controlled video game controller for the Nintendo Switch.
A multi-language debugger for Chrome, Firefox, and Safari that allows you to debug JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and more.
A multi-platform Bluetooth stack for the Rust programming language.
A multi-platform game engine for building 2D games.
A multi-platform tool for live visualization of performance data.
A multi-purpose, node-based command line interface (CLI) app framework for interacting with remote web services.
A multi-threaded web crawler that can retrieve content from many different types of sites, not just websites.
A multi-threaded, asynchronous, and event driven web server written in Rust.
A multi-user text editor written in Python.
A multiplayer RTS/MOBA game written in TypeScript and JavaScript, using the TypeScript and Three.js libraries.
A multiplayer game server written in Rust.
A multiplayer, mobile-friendly, open source version of Super Smash Bros.
A music editor that allows you to easily create and record music in the browser.
A music player for the terminal written in Rust.
A music player that provides a clean, functional interface for playing music from your local or cloud-based music library.
A music player that uses a neural network to create a "personalized, evolving soundtrack" for you.
A music streaming client that doesn’t track you, built on the BitTorrent network.
A music streaming server that allows you to share your music library over the internet.
A music video producer, editor, and content creator for YouTube.
A native Linux version of the BitTorrent streaming client.
A native Python implementation of the popular Big Data framework Apache Spark.
A native macOS application with a focus on making it easy to use your computer.
A native macOS text editor for Markdown, reStructuredText and other plain text file formats.
A natural language processing and machine learning framework for Python.
A navigation app for cyclists that keeps your data on your own servers and is free and open source.
A navigation tool for web applications that tries to preserve the state of the application across reloads.
A ncurses-based application for taking notes and managing todo lists.
A network packet crafting tool for Linux that allows you to send and receive custom packets on a network interface.
A network protocol for secure communication between web browsers and servers.
A network traffic analyzer for Node.js.
A network visualizer that shows the relationships between different devices on a network.
A neural network language model that reads text aloud in the voice of your choice.
A neural network written in Python that generates text in the style of J.R.R. Tolkien.
A neural network written in Python that reads and writes Python programs.
A neural network-based image compression tool with open source code.
A neural network-based model for generating names of new types of animals.
A new "next-gen" version of the original SpyParty game, but with the entire game open-sourced under the MIT license.
A new 2D drawing library for Python.
A new 3D game engine written in Rust that uses WebGL for rendering.
A new 4K HD Linux distribution for ARM devices, including the Raspberry Pi and Odroid.
A new API for building collaborative online applications that allow for chat and file sharing.
A new AV1 video codec that's open source and royalty free.
A new Android IDE built using the IntelliJ IDE.
A new Android emulator that’s faster, smaller, and more secure than the Android emulator that comes with the Android SDK.
A new Bitcoin Cash wallet that supports privacy features like sending and receiving addresses that don't start with 1.
A new C standard library for the C programming language.
A new C++ library that helps you convert your legacy C++ code into modern C++ code.
A new C++11 web framework that uses React for the frontend and is focused on the development of massive multi-player games.
A new Command Line Prompt for Windows 10 that offers tab completion, context-sensitive command suggestions, and a powerful scripting engine.
A new DNS protocol that aims to be secure, scalable, and easy to implement on both clients and servers.
A new DNS resolver API that has built-in support for DNSSEC and DANE.
A new DNS resolver library for C/C++ with a high-performance asynchronous API that supports parsing CAA records, DNSSEC, and DANE.
A new DNS system built on top of blockchain technology and onion routing.
A new File Explorer shell for Windows 10 with a simple design and advanced features.
A new GUI for managing your Docker containers.
A new GUI for the Lynx text-based web browser.
A new GUI toolkit for C++ that's more lightweight and modern than Qt.
A new Gimp that builds on top of the GEGL and GIMP code bases and offers a more powerful image editing experience.
A new Git server written in Go that's more secure and has more features than the default Git installation bundled with macOS.
A new Haskell compiler targeting WebAssembly, which compiles Haskell to fast, portable, byte code.
A new Haskell compiler written in Haskell.
A new Haskell database library that supports SQL queries and joins.
A new IDE for Python development that is written in Python.
A new IP address management (IPAM) graphical user interface (GUI) for Linux written in Python.
A new IRC client for iOS.
A new IRC client written in Rust.
A new Internet browser written in JavaScript that focuses on privacy and security.
A new Internet protocol that provides a universal API for networking hardware, written in Rust.
A new JPEG compression program that is faster, produces smaller files, and supports lossless compression.
A new JSON parser written in C for high performance.
A new JavaScript engine for older versions of Firefox that has a safe memory management strategy.
A new JavaScript framework for building composable, reactive user interfaces.
A new JavaScript framework for writing maintainable, scalable, and powerful web applications.
A new JavaScript framework that provides a more functional and reactive alternative to React.
A new JavaScript library for performing complex and easy-to-debug signal processing tasks.
A new JavaScript runtime for the Web that features a new approach to the web platform's architecture.
A new Linux distribution based on Arch Linux with a focus on simplicity, usability, and design.
A new Linux distribution based on Debian.
A new Linux distribution based on Ubuntu that uses a rolling release model for updates.
A new Linux distribution based on the Debian operating system with a focus on usability, privacy, and security.
A new Linux distribution built around the latest Ubuntu LTS release and designed for power users who want to use their computers without the hassle of installing software.
A new Linux distribution designed to be secure by default.
A new Linux distribution for IoT devices that offers better security, privacy, and reliability than mainstream alternatives.
A new Linux distribution for embedded devices that runs on Raspberry Pi, Odroid, Banana Pi, and similar devices.
A new Linux distribution for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new Linux distribution that aims to make it easier for programmers to build and manage their own custom Linux-based operating systems.
A new Linux distribution that combines Ubuntu with Manjaro and the latest versions of all the best open source software.
A new Linux distribution that utilizes the Nouveau graphics stack, which is at least as fast as proprietary drivers.
A new Linux distro that provides a GUI wrapper around the Docker daemon.
A new Linux filesystem that provides the same features and performance of ZFS on Linux and other operating systems.
A new Linux kernel module that provides safe and reliable memory allocation.
A new Linux-based operating system designed for the desktop.
A new Linux-based operating system for Android phones and tablets that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new Linux-based operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that provides you with a desktop, terminal, browser, and other essential applications.
A new MP3 player for Mac and Linux that uses the mpg123 library instead of deprecated libmpg123.
A new Mac app for managing the colors in your images.
A new OS X dashboard widget app for displaying the current weather conditions and temperature.
A new OS for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that focuses on security and privacy.
A new OS for the Raspberry Pi that runs a custom Linux distribution.
A new OS for the Raspberry Pi that's built on top of the Rust programming language.
A new PHP framework for building web applications.
A new Python package that makes it easier to build command line interfaces.
A new Python programming book designed for beginners.
A new Python web framework for building APIs that doesn't suck.
A new Rubygem for running asynchronous jobs on a schedule.
A new TCP/IP stack for Linux written in Rust.
A new TCP/IP stack for Mac written in Rust for safety and speed.
A new TCP/IP stack for Windows and Linux written in Rust for safety and speed.
A new TCP/IP stack for Windows written in Rust for safety and speed.
A new TLS library written in Rust that provides a safe alternative to OpenSSL.
A new UI toolkit for building cross-platform desktop applications with a focus on ergonomics, usability, and productivity.
A new Unix-like operating system for servers, desktops, and embedded systems.
A new Vue.js starter kit that includes best practices and a wide variety of commonly needed components.
A new Windows-based text editor that uses an architecture inspired by the Vim editor.
A new alternative for Google Analytics that isn't as creepy.
A new alternative to the Go standard library’s HTTP client.
A new and improved BitTorrent client written in Python.
A new and improved port of the VLC media player to Windows.
A new and improved version of the original Super Mario Bros.
A new application development framework for iOS that allows developers to write apps in JavaScript.
A new application framework for building desktop applications with a focus on performance, flexibility, and UI/UX.
A new application server for the Java Virtual Machine.
A new application that aims to improve the accessibility of the terminal.
A new approach for automatically detecting malware in machine-readable binary files.
A new approach for designing and implementing type systems based on flow typing.
A new approach to building and testing the infrastructure code that lets you build and deploy your app faster.
A new approach to building web applications with a focus on simplicity, usability, and security.
A new approach to building websites, inspired by React and designed to make content editing and collaboration as simple as possible.
A new approach to data analysis based on a code-agnostic workflow that lets you get started analyzing data without writing any code.
A new approach to decentralized, peer-to-peer file sharing that doesn't use blockchain technology.
A new approach to object-oriented programming that uses JavaScript-like syntax.
A new approach to writing Python 3 code that is easier to read, write, and maintain.
A new blockchain-based version of Twitter that makes it easy for users to earn money by posting relevant tweets.
A new browser based on Google Chrome with an interface similar to Vim.
A new browser based on the Electron framework that offers the same features as other major browsers.
A new browser engine for Android that's optimized for security, speed, and privacy.
A new browser engine for the WebKitGTK+ project.
A new browser engine written in C++17.
A new browser engine written in Rust for speed, safety, and security.
A new browser engine written in Rust that aims to be faster and more secure than Firefox.
A new browser engine.
A new browser extension for identifying and blocking cryptocurrency mining scripts.
A new browser for the Google Chrome engine that puts privacy and security first.
A new browser that puts the privacy of users first.
A new browser-based IDE for developing applications in Python with integrated code completion, syntax highlighting, and more.
A new build system for C++ with support for CMake, Bazel, and Meson.
A new build system for C, C++, and Objective-C with a focus on simplicity, portability, and efficiency.
A new build tool for Python that handles dependency management.
A new chat app for Linux that offers group chat, audio and video calls, and file sharing.
A new client for Mastodon that's open source and faster than the official Twitter client for Linux.
A new client for managing your SSH connections and configuration.
A new cloud computing platform that uses a decentralized peer-to-peer network to store and manage data.
A new cloud computing platform that uses container-based virtualization to deliver on-demand resources at a low cost.
A new cloud computing platform written in Go that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A new cloud service for sharing documents and collaborating in real-time.
A new code editor built from scratch with a focus on clean user interface, performance, and extensibility.
A new command line tool for configuring .NET Core applications.
A new command line tool for creating and managing screenshots of your iOS device on a macOS or Linux desktop.
A new command line tool for fetching and installing updates for macOS.
A new command line tool for managing and deploying static websites.
A new command line tool for managing multiple email accounts.
A new command line tool for managing npm packages.
A new command line tool for sending email from the terminal.
A new command line tool for sharing files from the terminal.
A new compiler for the Java programming language that produces fast and small Java applications.
A new compiler for the Monkey programming language that works on Windows, Linux, and macOS.
A new computer language for writing video games.
A new computer language with a C-like syntax and a Lisp-like macro system.
A new computer programming language that is compiled for parallel execution on a quantum computer.
A new content management system for building websites with a focus on speed, security, and extensibility.
A new contributor tracking system for open source projects.
A new cross-platform IDE for Swift and Kotlin.
A new cross-platform IDE for desktop and web development with a familiar look and feel.
A new cross-platform IDE for managing containers.
A new cross-platform Python IDE.
A new cross-platform code editor with a built-in terminal, file manager, and support for multiple languages.
A new cross-platform programming language that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A new cryptocurrency with a proof-of-work algorithm that is ASIC-resistant.
A new database backend for CouchDB that stores all data in individual files.
A new database engine that combines the high availability and consistency of MongoDB with the ACID compliance and high performance of PostgreSQL.
A new database for embedded devices and the internet of things, written in Rust.
A new database inspired by natural databases that is capable of storing large amounts of data across a cluster of commodity hardware.
A new database that offers the same features as MySQL and Postgres, but is written in Rust and designed from the ground up with security in mind.
A new debugger for JavaScript that makes debugging Node.js and Chrome apps easier.
A new decentralized Internet powered by blockchain technology.
A new decentralized Internet that makes it easy for anyone to securely share files without relying on HTTP or DNS.
A new decentralized Twitter alternative with open source code and strong privacy and security features.
A new decentralized domain name system built on top of blockchain technology and onion routing.
A new decentralized exchange for cryptocurrencies.
A new decentralized peer-to-peer internet.
A new decentralized social media platform that doesn't violate your privacy and doesn't sell you out to advertisers.
A new decentralized social network based on peer-to-peer links and encryption.
A new decentralized social network that allows you to share your status, location, and media with trusted friends and family, rather than a faceless corporation.
A new decentralized social network that doesn't use centralized servers, but instead adds more servers that talk to each other.
A new decentralized social network that respects and rewards user privacy.
A new decentralized social network that uses the Bitcoin blockchain to store data.
A new decentralized storage system that works like an Amazon S3 server but is instead backed by a blockchain and a large community of users.
A new decentralized version control system backed by a blockchain and incentivized through token rewards.
A new decentralized version of YouTube that allows you to upload and watch videos without using (or leaking) your personal information.
A new decentralized web browser that does not allow traditional tracking of your activity.
A new decentralized, blockchain-based platform for building peer-to-peer apps that don't rely on a central server.
A new decentralized, peer-to-peer, and distributed version of YouTube.
A new design for the R language for the next 10 years.
A new desktop application for editing, running, and storing all your shell scripts.
A new desktop application for interacting with the MacOS Mojave Dark Mode, including a color picker, a dark mode toggle, and a dark mode customizer.
A new desktop application for managing the software installed on your computer, written in Rust.
A new desktop application for managing your GNU/Linux and BSD servers, written in Python.
A new desktop application that presents you with a list of problems you can solve and helps you find the best solutions to them.
A new desktop application that uses machine learning to help you identify and organize the documents, photos, e-mails, and other files on your hard drive.
A new desktop email client for Linux based on the Nylas N1 code base.
A new desktop environment for GNU/Linux distros that supports Wayland.
A new desktop environment for Linux written in Rust and built on the GTK+ toolkit.
A new desktop environment for Mac, Windows, and Linux that's free, open source, and written in Swift.
A new desktop operating system for power users, written in Rust and powered by a kernel written in assembly language.
A new desktop operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is built in Rust.
A new desktop operating system that is just a web browser and web server.
A new desktop operating system written in Rust that doesn't suck.
A new development platform for creating desktop applications that run on Linux, macOS, and Windows with a codebase that is shared across all three.
A new digital rights management system for ebooks that requires users to acknowledge ownership of the device that the book is being read on.
A new distributed data store similar to Firebase or Firestore, but without any proprietary cloud backends and with better privacy and security.
A new distributed version control system that allows for safe, decentralized, anonymous collaboration.
A new distributed version control system with a focus on high performance and scalable parallel computing.
A new distribution of Linux focused on usability and security.
A new drag and drop website builder.
A new email address provider that respects your privacy and freedoms, and can't be shut down by anyone.
A new email client for Linux built on the modern web platform.
A new email client for Linux that supports email with attachments, works with Gmail, and more.
A new email client for the iOS operating system that focuses on privacy and performance.
A new emulator for the original Game Boy that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A new feature for the Linux kernel that allows you to run Linux on an Android device.
A new file compression algorithm that can be used to safely encrypt data.
A new file format for storing and sharing 3D models of objects.
A new file format for storing genetic data.
A new file format for storing structured data in plain text files that is easily searchable, infinitely scalable, and accessible by humans and machines.
A new file format that combines the best features of JPEG, GIF, and PNG into a single format that's smaller than JPEG, animated like GIF, and has the metadata of a PNG.
A new file manager for Linux written in Python and GTK+.
A new file system for Linux that updates your files in place.
A new file system for Linux that uses B-trees for fast lookups and has built-in encryption.
A new file system for Linux that uses B-trees to organize files.
A new file system for the Plan 9 operating system that offers better performance, security, and safety than the default file system.
A new file system that provides a more predictable and stable file storage system.
A new file system that’s designed for storing and sharing files in a decentralized way.
A new file transfer protocol that is faster, safer, and more private than FTP.
A new filesystem for Linux that's backed by a decentralized network of computers.
A new filesystem that extends the Unix filesystem to include versioning and conflict resolution.
A new forum software written in Python with a focus on making it easy to install and run.
A new framework for building desktop applications in Rust.
A new framework for building iOS and Android apps with a focus on code generation.
A new framework for building web applications using the same technologies used for web apps.
A new free open source platform for building cross-platform Electron apps.
A new frontend framework for developing React applications.
A new fully-customizable open source MacOS desktop environment.
A new game console running a GNU/Linux operating system and emulating every previous generation of video game console.
A new game engine for 2D games that works on Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, and iOS.
A new game engine for 2D games written in JavaScript that is based on Pixi.js.
A new game engine for writing games in Python.
A new game engine inspired by the classic game SimCity that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A new game engine written in C++ that will allow for the creation of games without the need of an external scripting language like JavaScript.
A new game engine written in Rust for creating roguelikes, metroidvanias, and other popular game genres.
A new game engine written in Rust that targets all platforms that support WebGL.
A new generation of CLI tools for Linux that provides a better user experience.
A new generation of file explorers with a focus on usability and security.
A new graphical operating system for ARM-based devices like the Raspberry Pi.
A new group messaging platform focused on privacy and security.
A new hardware architecture for quantum computing that can be simulated on a classical computer.
A new high performance database as a service built on top of a distributed file system for microservices.
A new high-level language and runtime for building native apps from Google.
A new image editor for macOS that gives you the full power of the underlying image processing library and allows you to use your own custom plugins.
A new implementation of Git written in Go.
A new implementation of the Apple File System in FUSE for Linux.
A new implementation of the Common Lisp programming language.
A new implementation of the GNU coreutils using Rust.
A new implementation of the Go programming language that offers better performance than the default version and supports a number of features the official version does not.
A new implementation of the HTTP protocol for browsers to support encryption, compression, and other modern web protocols.
A new implementation of the HTTP protocol that's simpler, faster, and more secure.
A new implementation of the HTTP protocol using Rust with the goal of being more secure, reliable, and faster than existing implementations.
A new implementation of the R programming language that integrates the Jupyter server and notebook with the RStudio IDE.
A new implementation of the TCP/IP stack for Linux written in Rust for safety and speed.
A new implementation of the W3C spec for HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, written in Reason.
A new implementation of the WAI Web Application Interface.
A new implementation of the internet TCP/IP stack, written in Rust with a focus on security.
A new implementation of the popular Sci-Fi roguelike, Angband, written in Ruby.
A new internet browser designed with privacy in mind.
A new internet browser for Linux, macOS, and Windows based on the Gecko rendering engine.
A new internet browser that fights against tracking, surveillance, and censorship.
A new internet protocol that is more secure than SSH and more efficient than TLS.
A new kernel written in Rust to reduce the risk of security vulnerabilities, increase performance, and take advantage of modern hardware.
A new kind of chatbot that learns from the dialogue it has with humans.
A new kind of game development platform that allows you to create high-quality 2D games with the help of an advanced machine learning platform.
A new kind of messaging protocol for the Web with end-to-end encryption, support for group chats, audio/video calls, and more.
A new kind of web browser that can run software inside the browser.
A new language for building lightweight, fast, and easy-to-use web applications.
A new language for building web applications in less than a thousand lines of code.
A new language for designing video games that takes less time to learn than Python or JavaScript.
A new language for developing distributed applications that offers the same productivity as Node.js, but with the added benefits of a strong typesystem and immutability.
A new language for writing compilers and interpreters with a syntax similar to C.
A new language for writing compilers and interpreters.
A new language for writing cross-platform GUI apps that runs on Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, iOS, and more.
A new language for writing iOS apps, similar to Swift but with a focus on low memory usage and the ability to call back into C/C++ code.
A new language for writing web applications that aims to be easy to learn, expressive, and fun to use.
A new language that aims to be an easier to use version of C++.
A new language that can run on top of C, C++, or Java.
A new language that makes writing asynchronous, non-blocking code really easy.
A new library for managing HTTP sessions with advanced functionality.
A new library for manipulating PDF documents in Python.
A new media player for the Linux desktop that uses modern design principles and a simplified user interface.
A new media player that uses open technologies to provide seamless access to your media, no matter where it's located.
A new micro-architecture for the RISC-V architecture that is designed to be built into ASICs and FPGAs.
A new microblogging platform built on top of the Nuxt.js framework.
A new microblogging platform that’s completely open source.
A new microcomputer designed to be the perfect media center appliance.
A new microkernel designed to run on supercomputers.
A new microkernel for the x86 architecture written in Rust.
A new mobile web browser for Google Chrome that allows you to use your desktop browser on your phone without an internet connection.
A new model for the web, where you can read articles on the website or in an app, and the website owner gets paid based on how much you read, not how many ads you click on.
A new modern, fast, and cross-platform text editor written in Go.
A new network protocol for IPv6 as an alternative to TCP.
A new network protocol for asynchronous communication.
A new networking stack for Linux written in Go that can replace the existing stack for a variety of use cases.
A new networking stack that offers the same features and level of performance as the existing networking stack, but with more flexibility, security, and privacy.
A new open source "web scale" operating system for the masses.
A new open source 3D game engine for making indie games.
A new open source C++ IDE that replicates the features and experience of Microsoft Visual Studio.
A new open source C++ game engine.
A new open source CMS that's like GitHub for content editors and designers.
A new open source DNS server that provides a more secure, private, and fast alternative to the standard DNS servers.
A new open source DNS system that improves privacy and security and is also faster and more reliable than the current system.
A new open source GUI for administering Linux systems and services.
A new open source Go database server with automatic failover.
A new open source IDE for Android development on Linux.
A new open source IDE for Android development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for Bitcoin development.
A new open source IDE for C# and F# development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for C/C++ development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for GameMaker game development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for Go development on Linux.
A new open source IDE for Go development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for Go that supports Go 1.8, 1.9, and 1.10.
A new open source IDE for Go, backed by a large and growing community of developers.
A new open source IDE for Google's Go programming language.
A new open source IDE for JavaScript development.
A new open source IDE for Lua game development.
A new open source IDE for MATLAB.
A new open source IDE for Node.js development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for PyTorch development on macOS, Linux, and Windows.
A new open source IDE for Python (replacing the aging Thonny).
A new open source IDE for Python and Django development.
A new open source IDE for Python development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for Python development on Windows, macOS, or Linux.
A new open source IDE for Python development on the desktop.
A new open source IDE for Python development.
A new open source IDE for Python game development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for Python, focused on editing and debugging.
A new open source IDE for Racket.
A new open source IDE for Ruby on Rails development on Windows and Linux.
A new open source IDE for Ruby on Rails development.
A new open source IDE for Rust development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for Rust game development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for Rust programming.
A new open source IDE for Rust that is being designed from the ground up to be a complete IDE for Rust developers.
A new open source IDE for Rust that’s built in Electron, and features auto-completion, debugging, and linting.
A new open source IDE for Rust with integrated Rustdoc, syntax highlighting, code completion, and more.
A new open source IDE for Rust, written in Rust, with built-in support for the Rust Language Server.
A new open source IDE for Rust, written in Rust.
A new open source IDE for Rust.
A new open source IDE for Swift with integrated Swiftdoc, syntax highlighting, code completion, and more.
A new open source IDE for Unity game development on Windows 10.
A new open source IDE for Unity game development on Windows, Linux, and macOS.
A new open source IDE for Unity game development on Windows.
A new open source IDE for Unreal Engine game development.
A new open source IDE for Unreal game development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for Visual Studio Code on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for Vue.js game development on Mac and Linux.
A new open source IDE for building and shipping cross-platform desktop apps using Electron (Electron isn't an open source project, but you could build an IDE for it from scratch).
A new open source IDE for creating video games with a focus on usability, code intelligence, and developer efficiency.
A new open source IDE for developing Android applications.
A new open source IDE for game development in ActionScript, Haxe, C++, C#, and more.
A new open source IDE for game development in Python with a focus on usability and extensibility.
A new open source IDE for game development in Python.
A new open source IDE for game development on macOS.
A new open source IDE for learning to code and making small programs in a real programming language.
A new open source IDE for programming microcontrollers in Rust.
A new open source IDE for the Julia programming language.
A new open source IDE for the Rust programming language with a built-in code editor, REPL, and build system.
A new open source IDE for the Wolfram Language.
A new open source IDE for web development with a strong focus on performance.
A new open source IDE for working with Rust on the desktop.
A new open source IDE for writing Android apps with support for code completion, syntax highlighting, refactoring, and more.
A new open source IDE that makes it easier to create and host custom, browser-based programming exercises.
A new open source IDE using the Electron framework for developing cross-platform Python applications.
A new open source JavaScript framework for building mobile web apps with a focus on performance.
A new open source OS for wearable devices.
A new open source PGP replacement that encrypts everything by default, including emails, chat messages, and files.
A new open source PUBG-style Battle Royale game.
A new open source RESTful API for Google Analytics.
A new open source alternative to Todoist.
A new open source application for interacting with the Github API written in Python.
A new open source backend for Angie's List.
A new open source backend-as-a-service system that can run on any cloud platform.
A new open source browser based on Chromium and a major fork of Firefox to fix the more problematic parts of Firefox.
A new open source browser engine written in Rust.
A new open source build system that uses Docker to build software while keeping dependencies isolated.
A new open source chat platform with a focus on privacy, security, and end-to-end encryption.
A new open source cloud service that provides lightning-fast version control, built-in code review, and other developer tools.
A new open source code editor for Atom that uses React.
A new open source code editor for Linux with a focus on usability, polish, and extensibility.
A new open source code editor for the Mac, with built-in debugging tools.
A new open source code editor to compete with Sublime, Atom, and Visual Studio Code.
A new open source collaborative editor built on top of React.
A new open source command line interface to Google Maps, built from the ground up.
A new open source command line tool for managing your Google Drive files.
A new open source compiler for WebAssembly that compiles to asm.js and JavaScript.
A new open source cryptocurrency with a focus on decentralized governance and privacy.
A new open source database built on PostgreSQL that compiles into a C library, used to facilitate super-fast in-process database programming.
A new open source database designed for reliability, speed, and scalability.
A new open source database designed to be fast, scalable, and easy to use, with privacy and security baked in.
A new open source database for the cloud that offers strong consistency, automatic failover, and horizontal scaling.
A new open source database that offers the same performance as a traditional relational database, with the flexibility and scalability of a key-value store.
A new open source desktop application for managing your tasks with a focus on speed and simplicity.
A new open source desktop application that uses neural networks to turn a photo into a sketch.
A new open source desktop experience for OS X built on Electron and powered by web technologies.
A new open source desktop interface for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new open source desktop operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
A new open source email app for Linux that includes a built-in AI to help you manage your inbox.
A new open source email client for the Mac that focuses on offering a secure and private experience.
A new open source email client for the Mac that supports a wide variety of email providers.
A new open source email client for the Mac.
A new open source email server with a focus on security, privacy, and performance.
A new open source file manager for macOS that works well in the terminal.
A new open source file sharing protocol that's not based on HTTP.
A new open source file system that extends the POSIX filesystem to support explicit permissions and capabilities.
A new open source file system that supports constant time reads, fast append operations, and efficient snapshots.
A new open source framework for building JavaScript-based apps with a focus on performance and accessibility.
A new open source framework for building desktop and mobile web applications with a focus on usability, security, and control.
A new open source framework for building mobile apps using Python.
A new open source framework for developing native desktop applications using Web technologies.
A new open source game engine for Linux with the same features and performance as the Unity engine.
A new open source game engine from Unity Technologies that is designed to be more approachable for new developers.
A new open source game that combines the best of StarCraft, Civilization, and Minecraft.
A new open source hypervisor for running virtual machines at the maximum possible speed.
A new open source implementation of the HTTP/2 protocol that is focused on the needs of small teams and individuals.
A new open source language for programming the GPU.
A new open source language that's designed to be easy to learn and use.
A new open source laptop with a high-quality keyboard and an IPS display.
A new open source library for creating and manipulating SVGs.
A new open source library for embedding Python in C++ projects.
A new open source license that protects your work from being used in proprietary software.
A new open source macOS calendar app.
A new open source media player that plays super hi-res audio.
A new open source messaging app for Mac that aims to provide end-to-end encryption and be more secure than WhatsApp.
A new open source microblogging platform that attempts to combine the best features of Twitter, Tumblr, and Medium.
A new open source microblogging service with anonymous accounts and end-to-end encryption.
A new open source mode for Vim that uses your terminal as the background.
A new open source music player for the web.
A new open source office suite with a web-based UI.
A new open source operating system based on Plan 9.
A new open source operating system based on the FreeBSD kernel, with a focus on desktop, server, and embedded use.
A new open source operating system based on the Linux kernel for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
A new open source operating system combining the best features of macOS, Windows, and Linux.
A new open source operating system designed for personal computers and other embedded devices.
A new open source operating system designed to be a general purpose OS for everyone.
A new open source operating system for ARM single-board computers, based on Linux and BusyBox.
A new open source operating system for Internet of Things devices.
A new open source operating system for IoT devices based on the C++ programming language.
A new open source operating system for IoT devices that is based on Linux, uses container-based virtualization, and supports multiple languages.
A new open source operating system for IoT devices that runs on bare metal and supports Docker containers.
A new open source operating system for IoT devices.
A new open source operating system for building mobile applications.
A new open source operating system for desktops and laptops.
A new open source operating system for embedded devices, making IoT devices more secure by design.
A new open source operating system for every device in your home.
A new open source operating system for home automation with a focus on security and privacy.
A new open source operating system for microcontrollers that is inspired by Plan 9 from Bell Labs.
A new open source operating system for self-driving cars.
A new open source operating system for servers and embedded devices
A new open source operating system for the Apple II microcomputer.
A new open source operating system for the Apple II.
A new open source operating system for the BeagleBone Black microcomputer.
A new open source operating system for the Commodore 64 microcomputer.
A new open source operating system for the ESP8266 microprocessor.
A new open source operating system for the Internet of Things.
A new open source operating system for the MacBook Air.
A new open source operating system for the Nintendo Switch that can replace the proprietary OS.
A new open source operating system for the Nintendo Switch that runs on top of FreeBSD.
A new open source operating system for the Nintendo Switch.
A new open source operating system for the PC based on the Linux kernel.
A new open source operating system for the Parallella supercomputer with Docker integration.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi 3 built on top of the Raspbian distribution.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi 3 that’s based on Raspbian.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that can be run within a Docker container.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that can run on the Cortex-M3 core.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is focused on security and forensics.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that makes it easy for you to build and deploy your own web services.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a familiar interface and experience to macOS.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a wide variety of features.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers an alternative to Raspbian.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as Linux.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as macOS and Windows.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that runs on Raspbian or Ubuntu.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that runs on the RISC-V instruction set architecture.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that runs on top of RISC-V.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that supports multiple programming languages and allows you to run multiple operating systems on the same device.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that’s better than macOS.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi that attempts to emulate macOS as much as possible.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi that focuses on providing a web based desktop interface.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi that is based on Raspbian.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi that offers a different interface to Linux.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi that offers a modern experience, a simplified package management system, and a new version of Python.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi that offers many of the same features as Windows.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi that offers many of the same features as macOS and Windows 10.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi that provides a faster and more accessible user experience than Raspbian.
A new open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi.
A new open source operating system for the TI-83 calculator.
A new open source operating system for the desktop and server that offers the benefits of modern kernels (such as Linux, BSD, or macOS) combined with the flexibility of old-school Unix.
A new open source operating system for the desktop and server that replaces macOS with a more open and modular platform.
A new open source operating system for the i386 architecture with a focus on compatibility and security.
A new open source operating system for the x86 architecture that uses the Linux kernel and a GNU userland.
A new open source operating system for x86 computers.
A new open source operating system that is being designed to be as easy as possible for developers to build on.
A new open source operating system that runs on the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
A new open source operating system that's inspired by OS X and powered by Rust.
A new open source operating system to replace Windows.
A new open source operating system with a focus on designing a secure and private experience for users.
A new open source operating system with a focus on security.
A new open source operating system written in Rust that uses virtualization to isolate processes from each other.
A new open source package manager for .NET Core with a focus on ease of use.
A new open source peer-to-peer cryptocurrency with a focus on privacy and user control.
A new open source peer-to-peer protocol for secure communication between browsers.
A new open source platform for building and hosting decentralized applications.
A new open source platform for building decentralized applications that lets users own their data.
A new open source platform for building next-generation decentralized social applications.
A new open source platform for building online communities with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security.
A new open source platform for building online stores with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security.
A new open source platform for building web applications that focuses on developer happiness, easy onboarding, less complexity, and more.
A new open source platform for building, testing, and deploying web applications.
A new open source platform for creating and managing online courses where anyone can contribute.
A new open source platform for creating online communities with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security.
A new open source platform for writing collaborative code that supports multiple languages and development workflows.
A new open source programming language based on Rust with a strong focus on security.
A new open source programming language based on Rust.
A new open source programming language based on the principles of the Actor model.
A new open source programming language based on the syntax of JavaScript, but with a static type checker and support for functional programming.
A new open source programming language built from the ground up to support concurrency and parallelism.
A new open source programming language designed for efficient execution on modern microprocessors.
A new open source programming language designed to be a good fit for building web applications.
A new open source programming language designed to be a scripting language for the web.
A new open source programming language designed to be safe, secure, and easy to learn.
A new open source programming language designed to simplify the development of concurrent systems.
A new open source programming language for applications that run on the JVM.
A new open source programming language for building native mobile applications with a focus on speed and ease of use.
A new open source programming language for building web applications.
A new open source programming language for creating high performance web apps.
A new open source programming language for creating video games.
A new open source programming language for creating web applications with a focus on developer happiness and productivity.
A new open source programming language for writing applications that run on the web and on your phone.
A new open source programming language for writing parallel, high-performance, and distributed systems.
A new open source programming language inspired by Perl 6 and Python 3.
A new open source programming language similar to C# or Java but designed for writing systems software.
A new open source programming language similar to JavaScript, but with a focus on tail call optimization and concurrency.
A new open source programming language that can be used to build Web applications.
A new open source programming language that combines the features of Rust, Go, and Swift.
A new open source programming language that combines the flexibility and power of C with the ease of use of Python.
A new open source programming language that combines the security of C with the ease of use and expressiveness of a modern dynamic language.
A new open source programming language that compiles to Python bytecode.
A new open source programming language that compiles to WASM and uses an ML-inspired type system.
A new open source programming language that compiles to WebAssembly.
A new open source programming language that focuses on safety and concurrency.
A new open source programming language that makes it easier to write high quality, clean code.
A new open source programming language that offers a simple syntax, static typing, and built-in support for data science.
A new open source programming language that takes the best parts of C and Rust and combines them into a powerful, fast, and safe programming language.
A new open source programming language that uses a combination of the Go, Rust, and Swift programming languages.
A new open source programming language that's based on the Befunge-93 programming language.
A new open source programming language that's designed to be easy to learn and fun to use.
A new open source programming language that's focused on security, safety, and correctness.
A new open source programming language with a focus on safety, security, and interoperability.
A new open source programming language with a focus on simplicity, productivity, and performance.
A new open source programming language.
A new open source programming podcast.
A new open source project for hosting and managing websites and online communities.
A new open source project management application with a sleek interface, similar to Asana or Basecamp.
A new open source project management platform with Slack-like chat and Trello-like boards.
A new open source project that aims to replace Microsoft Office and LibreOffice with a free, cross-platform, and easy-to-use alternative.
A new open source protocol for decentralized, peer-to-peer file sharing that can replace BitTorrent.
A new open source protocol for faster, more secure Internet connections.
A new open source protocol for file transfers that is designed to be used as the basis for a new generation of peer-to-peer applications.
A new open source serialization format for data transfer that uses a binary format instead of a text-based format.
A new open source service for building and hosting static websites that supports both HTML and Markdown files.
A new open source site for sharing code and learning JavaScript.
A new open source social media platform that adds a pay-what-you-want model to its business model.
A new open source social network that allows you to share your work, help others, and connect with the open source community.
A new open source social network that focuses on privacy and security.
A new open source social network that focuses on the user experience and respects your privacy.
A new open source social network that prioritizes privacy and security, and is 100% free and open source software.
A new open source social network that puts privacy and control back into the hands of users.
A new open source social network with an emphasis on privacy and security.
A new open source social networking website that respects your privacy and doesn't have a Terms of Service that you need to agree to that gives the website a license to do anything they want with your data.
A new open source software license.
A new open source standard for non-technical people to audit the security of the devices and software they use.
A new open source standard for the distribution of Ruby and Python code.
A new open source tool for detecting and blocking fraud in your browser.
A new open source tool for managing virtual machines provisioned via Docker Machine.
A new open source version control system for accurate, incremental backups.
A new open source version control system for static websites.
A new open source version control system that is more reliable, faster, and can store large files with better efficiency than Git or Mercurial.
A new open source version control system with built-in support for distributed workflows and cloud storage.
A new open source version of AIM.
A new open source version of Google Sheets that offers better formatting and more export formats.
A new open source version of the Apache HTTP Server that runs on your local computer and can be used to host your own web services.
A new open source version of the Microsoft Paint app, written in Rust.
A new open source version of the Microsoft Web Platform Installer.
A new open source version of the ProtonMail secure email service.
A new open source version of the Unity game engine.
A new open source version of the classic board game Diplomacy.
A new open source version of the original Apple Newton MessagePad, written in Python using Pygame.
A new open source version of the popular Mac app Cardhop, which lets you easily search the contents of your pockets.
A new open source version of the popular game engine Unity3D, written in Rust for speed, safety, and control.
A new open source video and audio chat service that makes it easy to host your own server and keep your data private.
A new open source video editor for Linux with a built-in video compositor and support for a wide variety of formats and codecs.
A new open source video game license, similar to the MIT license, that makes it easier for developers to share and re-use code.
A new open source video player for macOS that offers a modernized user interface and better performance than the built-in QuickTime Player.
A new open source virtual machine designed from the ground up to be highly secure, highly reliable, and easily scalable.
A new open source virtual reality game inspired by the original Doom.
A new open source web browser built on top of HTML5 and node.js that’s fast, lightweight, and designed for security.
A new open source web browser for Android phones and tablets.
A new open source web browser for iOS.
A new open source web browser for macOS and Windows, written in Rust.
A new open source web browser for macOS, Windows, Linux, and Android.
A new open source web browser that aims to be more secure, private, and user-friendly than Chrome.
A new open source web browser that's fast, privacy-focused, and written in JavaScript.
A new open source web browser with an emphasis on privacy and usability.
A new open source web browser with the same features as Chrome, Firefox, and Safari, but with a privacy focus.
A new open source web browser written in Rust for speed, control, and safety.
A new open source web browser written in Rust that can be used as a replacement for Chrome or Firefox.
A new open source web developer framework.
A new open source, cloud-based collaboration environment for creating and sharing design documents, mockups, prototypes, and more.
A new open source, cloud-based, full-stack web application platform written in Node.js.
A new open source, cross-platform, native mobile development framework.
A new open source, decentralized, and secure version of Dropbox.
A new open source, decentralized, self-hosted, federated marketplace.
A new open source, distributed version control system with built-in support for snapshots and database-like features.
A new open source, self-hosted email server, written in Go, that supports multiple domains and lets you use your own domain name.
A new open source, self-hosted version of Google Analytics.
A new open source, self-hosted version of Google Sheets.
A new open source, self-hosted version of Slack.
A new open source, self-hosted version of Trello.
A new open source, self-hosted version of Vidyard.
A new open source, web-based IDE that allows you to edit, run, and debug code for all languages directly in your web browser.
A new open-source HTTP client for Node.js and the browser with a focus on security and simplicity.
A new open-source decentralized blockchain protocol that seeks to provide a governance system for the Internet.
A new open-source desktop environment for the GNOME stack.
A new open-source email application built from the ground up with a focus on security and usability.
A new open-source library for natural language processing in Python.
A new open-source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is designed to be easy to use.
A new open-source programming language that compiles to WebAssembly.
A new open-source tool for writing documentation in Markdown that can be converted to a variety of formats, including HTML, PDF, and ePub.
A new open-source video codec optimized for real-time video transmission over low-bandwidth connections.
A new open-source, self-hosted version of Google’s Cloud Vision API.
A new operating system and platform for the next generation of computers and connected devices.
A new operating system based on a microkernel architecture and written in Rust.
A new operating system based on the Linux kernel that offers a unique take on the desktop interface.
A new operating system designed for the IoT that supports multiple programming languages and includes a built-in, personal firewall.
A new operating system for 32-bit ARM computers that aims to be more secure, reliable, and free than Windows.
A new operating system for 64-bit x86 computers that uses the Minix 3 microkernel and the Linux 4.4 kernel.
A new operating system for ARM microcontrollers.
A new operating system for ARM-based servers and microcomputers.
A new operating system for Internet of Things devices that runs on flash memory instead of an SD card.
A new operating system for IoT devices that runs on the Rasperry Pi and a handful of other single-board computers.
A new operating system for Linux with a focus on simplicity, security, and performance.
A new operating system for Raspberry Pi that provides a more stable foundation for applications.
A new operating system for Raspberry Pi with a desktop environment and some fun games to play while you're waiting for your code to compile.
A new operating system for any device that can run Go code.
A new operating system for microcomputers with a focus on usability, control, and security.
A new operating system for the 64-bit x86 CPU that is designed to be binary-compatible with Windows.
A new operating system for the Acer C710 Chromebook that upgrades it with a desktop environment and enhanced hardware support.
A new operating system for the Amazon Echo that makes it easier to install new skills and control the device.
A new operating system for the BeagleBone Black single-board computer that provides a more polished and user-friendly experience.
A new operating system for the Hackberry A10 computer that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Intel Edison microcomputer.
A new operating system for the Intel NUC that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Internet of Things.
A new operating system for the Mac that offers a simpler, more secure experience and focuses on privacy and security.
A new operating system for the Mac that uses Rust and WebAssembly for security and performance.
A new operating system for the Motorola 68000 architecture that supports 32-bit and 64-bit modes.
A new operating system for the Nintendo 3DS that uses free software.
A new operating system for the Nintendo DS microcomputer.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch that boots directly into the game of your choice.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch that improves upon its currently limited and lackluster software.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch that offers a better user experience and support for more games.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch that runs on the same hardware as the OS it replaces.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch that runs on top of Linux and uses the GPU for rendering.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch video game console.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch with a focus on improving the overall user experience and reducing the risk of hacking.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch with support for Linux games and a custom Nintendo Online service.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch written in C.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch, with support for running Linux on the Switch.
A new operating system for the Nintendo Switch.
A new operating system for the RISC-V microcomputer architecture.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi 2 microcomputer that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi 3 and Zero W that offers many of the same features as Windows.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi 3 microcomputer that is a complete operating system with a graphical user interface.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi 3 microcomputer that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi 3 that aims to combine the best features of the Linux and macOS kernels.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi 3 that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi 3 that's built on top of Raspbian with a focus on a beautiful user interface and better integration with Windows.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi computer that uses the Fluxbox window manager.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer based on Raspbian.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer based on the MeeGo project.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer based on the mainline Linux kernel.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer built on top of Linux.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer designed to be as simple as possible, while maintaining Linux compatibility.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer designed to be friendly to beginners.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that allows you to run Windows applications.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that combines the best features of macOS, Linux, and Windows.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that combines the best of OS X and Linux.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that features a highly modularized "kernel" and userland.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that has a modern Linux kernel, a Docker runtime, and a package manager.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that includes a graphical desktop environment, a package manager, and a web browser.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that integrates the Linux kernel with the Chromium web browser.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is based on PostgreSQL and offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is based on the Linux kernel.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is based on the Plan 9 operating system.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is built on the Manjaro distribution and offers a wide range of desktop environments.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is designed for security.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is designed to be easy to use and fast.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is focused on privacy and security.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is inspired by macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is optimized for multimedia editing and streaming.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is user friendly, based on the Unix philosophy, and implements a new and innovative desktop environment.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that keeps your data private while offering many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a desktop interface written with web technologies.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a full desktop interface and a traditional filesystem hierarchy.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a lot of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a modern interface, integrated GPU drivers, and more.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a modern user experience, regular software updates, and support for a wider range of peripherals.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a modern user experience.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a modern, easy-to-use package manager and desktop environment.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a modern, familiar interface.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a more familiar user interface and easier installation than Raspbian.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a more modern user experience.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a more traditional desktop interface.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers a native development environment for Golang.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers an experience similar to macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as Android Pie.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as Android.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as Linux.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as Raspbian.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as Ubuntu.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as Windows 10.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as Windows.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as iOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as macOS and Linux.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers more powerful features than Raspbian Stretch with no systemd.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers support for running Java applications.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers the look and feel of Windows XP.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers the same user experience as macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that provides ARMv7 compatibility, an alternative to systemd, and full-disk encryption out of the box.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that provides a lightweight desktop environment.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that provides full access to the underlying hardware.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that runs a full desktop environment based on GNOME.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that runs a new, unprivileged userland.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that runs existing ARM Linux binaries.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that runs on the Google Fuchsia operating system.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that runs on the Linux kernel.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that supports modern, multi-threaded applications.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that supports multiple operating systems on a single board.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that uses Android apps and features a virtual keyboard.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that uses Rust for everything.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that uses a Forth-like scripting language to make writing the operating system easier.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that uses microkernel architecture and boots in under a second.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that uses the Rust programming language.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that uses the Wayland display server instead of X.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that's based on the Linux kernel.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that’s based on Linux and offers a lot of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that’s focused on security and control.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that’s like Chrome OS for low-powered devices.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer with a focus on accessibility, privacy, and security.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer with a focus on usability and accessibility.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer written in Rust that runs on bare metal.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer, designed to be fast and lightweight.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that allows you to build your own internet.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that brings many of the same features as macOS to the tiny device.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that focuses on privacy, security, and customization.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that includes a full web browser based on Mozilla's Servo engine.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that is based on GNU Hurd.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that is based on a microkernel architecture and written in Rust.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that is based on the Xen hypervisor.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that offers many of the same features as ChromeOS, but without the need for cloud services.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that replaces the Linux kernel with Rust.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that runs Linux software natively.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that runs on a microSD card and boots from a USB stick.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that runs the Chrome browser as an application.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that uses Rust for the kernel and drivers.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that uses the Rust programming language.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that's designed for programmers, scientists, and artists.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi that's intended to be easy to use, install, and maintain.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi with a focus on self-hosted software and new features for general computing.
A new operating system for the Raspberry Pi with an easy-to-use desktop environment and a focus on STEM education.
A new operating system for the game console of your choice.
A new operating system for the next generation of supercomputers, built on a security-first philosophy.
A new operating system for the x86 class of computers, with a focus on security, privacy, and customization.
A new operating system for your computer that is designed for computers to be turned off.
A new operating system that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system that offers the same features as macOS but is open source and self-hosted.
A new operating system that runs on Raspberry Pi devices and turns them into a connected smart home.
A new operating system that runs only one program, e.g. a text editor or an interactive shell, and is designed to be easy to use.
A new operating system that serves as an alternative to macOS but is designed from the ground up to keep your data and computer free from spyware.
A new operating system that supports virtual machine containers, and the ability to run on Mac, Windows, and Linux.
A new operating system that uses microkernel architecture and the NaCl approach to sandboxing.
A new operating system that’s designed to run on server and data center hardware.
A new operating system with a focus on being secure from the beginning by default.
A new operating system written in C# for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
A new operating system written in Rust and designed specifically for running Docker containers.
A new operating system written in Rust for building self-hosted cloud servers.
A new operating system written in Rust for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
A new operating system written in Rust that can be used to build and change the entire system from the kernel to the desktop environment.
A new operating system written in Rust that is inspired by Plan 9 and looks a bit like a terminal.
A new operating system written in Rust that offers many of the same features as macOS.
A new operating system written in Rust that runs on bare metal.
A new operating system written in Rust using the LLVM compiler.
A new operating system written in Rust with a focus on safety, security, and performance.
A new operating system written in Rust, with a focus on safety, security, and speed.
A new operating system written in Rust.
A new oracle-based prediction market that can be run on any server and doesn't rely on betting markets.
A new package manager for Python that makes dependency management easier and more efficient.
A new package manager for macOS written in Swift, inspired by Homebrew.
A new password manager that is designed from the ground up to be secure and easy-to-use.
A new password manager that stores your data in a decentralized manner and can be used across devices.
A new payment processor that can accept credit cards and send the money to the merchant's bank account in less than 24 hours.
A new peer-to-peer application layer network for the internet.
A new peer-to-peer cloud storage platform that allows users to own their data in a decentralized fashion.
A new peer-to-peer file sharing application built on the BitTorrent protocol.
A new peer-to-peer file sharing protocol designed to replace BitTorrent.
A new personal cloud storage service with an open API for third-party applications.
A new piece of hardware for the Internet of Things that can be used to build low-cost sensors that run on a new programming language called "Cylon".
A new platform for building a decentralized and transparent social network.
A new platform for building and deploying high-quality Python packages.
A new platform for building and deploying mobile and web applications with a focus on containerization, security, and performance.
A new platform for building and deploying serverless applications in Javascript.
A new platform for building and managing decentralized applications.
A new platform for building and managing high-quality, community-driven online interactive educational courses.
A new platform for building and managing large scale online courses with a focus on interactivity and collaboration.
A new platform for building crowdsourced prediction markets.
A new platform for building decentralized applications that prioritize privacy and security.
A new platform for building online communities with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security…but written in React.
A new platform for building online file storage services with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security.
A new platform for building simple, secure, and private group messaging apps.
A new platform for building social communities.
A new platform for building web applications on top of a distributed computing network.
A new platform for building web applications with a focus on code quality, security, and control.
A new platform for creating and sharing interactive art online.
A new platform for creating and sharing interactive stories.
A new platform for creating and sharing visual novels.
A new platform for easily building and sharing guided meditation experiences, with a focus on accessibility, privacy, and security.
A new platform for managing personal information that uses blockchain technology to secure and encrypt your data while giving you full control over it.
A new platform for managing your email with a focus on privacy, security, and usability.
A new platform for protecting websites with a focus on accessibility, privacy, and security.
A new platform for running browser-based applications that works offline by default.
A new platform for video game development that focuses on the needs of indie game developers.
A new platform for writing and delivering technical workshops online.
A new plugin for the debug tool in the VSCode IDE that allows you to run code from a shell within your project.
A new podcasting client for Linux that supports multiple podcast hosts and playback on all operating systems.
A new programming language and compiler built on the concept of dataflow concatenative programming.
A new programming language and compiler designed for writing video games.
A new programming language based on Rust that aims to be safer, faster, and easier to use than C++.
A new programming language designed for building mobile apps.
A new programming language designed specifically for writing video games.
A new programming language designed to be easy to use while still allowing for high-level abstractions.
A new programming language designed to make it easier to write secure and reliable programs.
A new programming language for building cross-platform desktop applications.
A new programming language for building highly-scalable protocols.
A new programming language for creating high-performance, real-time applications.
A new programming language for creating simple, fast, and high performance native applications.
A new programming language for creating web applications based on the principles of functional programming.
A new programming language for fast, secure, and flexible server-side applications.
A new programming language for the JVM that combines the power of static typing with the flexibility of dynamic typing.
A new programming language for the web with a focus on simplicity, safety, and readability.
A new programming language for writing asynchronous, concurrent, and distributed applications.
A new programming language for writing browser games, built on top of the JavaScript and WebAssembly engines.
A new programming language for writing cross-platform native desktop apps that can run on Windows, Linux, and macOS.
A new programming language for writing games.
A new programming language for writing highly scalable, concurrent machine learning applications.
A new programming language for writing mobile apps that is compiled to JavaScript and runs in the browser.
A new programming language for writing video games that's designed to be easy to learn, fun to use, and fast to compile.
A new programming language that aims to combine the best features of Go and Rust for building secure servers and stable applications.
A new programming language that aims to make graphics renderings as easy as writing HTML.
A new programming language that allows you to program in the same way you think.
A new programming language that allows you to write code in your preferred editor and run it in a web browser.
A new programming language that combines the best features of C/C++ with the best features of Python.
A new programming language that combines the expressiveness of Python with the performance of C++.
A new programming language that compiles to C and C++ to allow for the creation of high-performance, low-level libraries.
A new programming language that compiles to JavaScript and C.
A new programming language that compiles to JavaScript.
A new programming language that compiles to WebAssembly.
A new programming language that focuses on simplicity and readability.
A new programming language that focuses on simplifying the creation of web applications in large teams.
A new programming language that is designed for the Web and is easy to learn and read.
A new programming language that is simple to learn, easy to read, fast, and expressive.
A new programming language that is specifically designed for writing secure, distributed, and decentralized applications.
A new programming language that is statically typed, compiled to LLVM, and designed to be a compilation target for C++.
A new programming language that makes it easy to write concurrent programs. It uses a novel concurrent-state variable called “move” to simplify concurrency.
A new programming language that offers a clear, readable syntax for expressing ideas that can then be run as compiled code.
A new programming language that offers a safe subset of JavaScript with support for asynchronous programming and type safety.
A new programming language that offers the convenience of Node.js, the safety of a static language, and a syntax that is familiar to C programmers.
A new programming language that simplifies the task of programming parallel hardware.
A new programming language that uses a different character set to make it easier to write correct code.
A new programming language where the types are inferred, like Python, but with all the safety and speed of compiled languages.
A new programming language with a focus on making the code easier to understand and maintain.
A new programming language with a focus on safety, security, and concurrency.
A new programming language with a focus on safety, security, and the elimination of undefined behavior.
A new programming language with the same syntax as JavaScript but with a type system that can statically guarantee the absence of null pointer exceptions.
A new programming language, runtime, and toolchain for creating high-quality, production-quality, fast and small executables.
A new project hosting service that allows contributors to earn a share of the projects they help improve.
A new project management and collaboration tool that uses a kanban board and has a built-in wiki, chat, and more.
A new project management tool that uses open source technologies like Node.js and React to provide a modern, accessible UX.
A new protocol for client-server communication based on encrypted binary data.
A new protocol for decentralized exchange of cryptocurrencies.
A new protocol for keeping your communications private and anonymous.
A new protocol for secure file transfer that is faster than SFTP, uses fewer CPU cycles, and is more secure than SFTP.
A new protocol for sending and receiving data over the internet.
A new protocol for sharing files that is resistant to surveillance while offering features like encryption and metadata stripping.
A new protocol for the Web that eliminates the need for cookies and follows an engine-centric rather than browser-centric model.
A new protocol for the web that works similarly to HTTP but is much faster.
A new protocol for the web that's faster than HTTP and more secure than TLS.
A new protocol for web browsing and communication that provides end-to-end encryption.
A new replacement for the default DNS server that runs on your local machine and offers many of the same features as OpenDNS.
A new revision of the IP protocol suite that includes functions for encryption and authentication.
A new scripting language for writing video games that is designed to be fast and easy to use.
A new scripting language that's optimized for writing web applications and back-end services.
A new search engine for the DuckDuckGo search engine with a focus on privacy.
A new search engine that does not track or log user behavior, search history, or personal data.
A new search engine that doesn't track you.
A new search engine that is privacy-first, decentralized, and resistant to censorship.
A new search engine that prioritizes privacy and features a diverse range of services.
A new secure and decentralized messaging protocol.
A new secure and reliable open source web server for Ruby.
A new secure version of the HTTP protocol that features encrypted HTTP headers, end-to-end encryption, and server authentication.
A new secure, open source, portable, and auditable email platform.
A new secure, self-hosted email service that you can host on your own servers.
A new security framework for Linux that focuses on simplicity, usability, and security.
A new service built by the creators of WordPress for hosting websites, backed by WordPress.
A new service for sharing stories and images with others through a serverless architecture.
A new set of tools for building web applications with a focus on developer experience, scalability, and security.
A new set of tools for helping you manage a personal budget, based on a microservices architecture.
A new shell for Unix-like operating systems that replaces bash with a more powerful and modern shell.
A new social network that doesn't track users and respects your privacy.
A new social network that seeks to improve on the design of existing social networks by allowing users to share their data more easily.
A new social network website that has less emphasis on likes, comments, and followers.
A new social network with an emphasis on privacy and encryption.
A new social networking platform built on top of the ActivityPub protocol, and the first DAPP on the Blockstack platform.
A new social networking platform that doesn't spy on its users and respects their privacy.
A new social networking site that gives you full control over your data, doesn't track you or your activity, and doesn't sell your data to third parties.
A new software system for the Windows operating system that aims to replace the Win32 API.
A new standard for encrypted email that uses symmetric encryption and allows for email signing and PGP-like encrypted attachments.
A new standard for writing and reading email.
A new system for automatically updating the version numbers of files in a repository.
A new system for building user-friendly, privacy-preserving web applications.
A new system for managing Docker containers that focuses on security and simplicity.
A new system for processing Bitcoin transactions that doesn't rely on the blockchain.
A new take on an old favorite: a command line tool for searching Stack Overflow.
A new terminal built on the Electron framework that provides a platform for writing custom dev tools.
A new terminal emulator for Linux.
A new text editor for programmers that supports real-time collaboration and can be used as a VCS.
A new text editor for programmers that supports technical writing and is written in Rust.
A new text editor for the Linux desktop that is built to run on Wayland and focused on developer productivity.
A new theme for the Atom text editor.
A new to-do list application that's focused on getting tasks done by making it easier to focus on the right things instead of getting distracted.
A new tool for browsing the source code of the Linux kernel.
A new tool for creating interactive, multi-step forms using React.
A new tool for deploying and managing containerized applications on Linux.
A new tool for running shell scripts and other tasks on your servers from your browser or command line.
A new top-level domain (TLD) provider that doesn't require a sponsoring company and allows anyone to register a TLD.
A new type of JavaScript syntax for writing more concise and uncluttered code.
A new type of content management system (CMS) that allows you to publish to many different platforms and keep your data on your own servers.
A new type of database that can handle very large numbers of key/value pairs with extremely high throughput.
A new type of database that transparently encrypts all data on the device using a unique encryption key for every file.
A new type of database that uses Google's BigTable and is written in Go.
A new type of object storage system for the enterprise that runs on Linux, FreeBSD, and Windows, and allows you to share files directly with other users.
A new type of social network that uses a blockchain to store user data.
A new type of video game that is played exclusively through your web browser and is designed to be played without a mouse or keyboard.
A new type of web browser developed by Mozilla that enables decentralized websites.
A new typeface designed to maximize clarity for code listings, commit messages, and other text-heavy technical content.
A new user interface for the git command line tool.
A new version control system that works in a distributed fashion, like Git, but allows users to work with the full revision history of a project.
A new version of Erlang/OTP that focuses on improving the performance of the Erlang VM.
A new version of GNU Bash that is compliant with the Open Shell Initiative’s list of recommended features.
A new version of Gatsby, a static site generator that uses React.
A new version of Git that includes a built-in C-like scripting language and supports large files with names larger than 1MB.
A new version of Git that manages large binary files much more efficiently.
A new version of Git with a focus on distributed workflows and high reliability.
A new version of GitHub written in Rails for performance and security.
A new version of Mercurial with a cleaner codebase that offers better performance and easier maintenance.
A new version of Postgres with better performance and reliability.
A new version of Python that runs at the same speed as C.
A new version of ScreenFlow for Mac that doesn't suck and offers a lot more features than the current version.
A new version of Tor that focuses on usability and performance.
A new version of Tox that uses libpurple and aims to fix the broken state of the existing app.
A new version of Wikipedia written in a subset of Javascript.
A new version of the 2D graphics library, Cairo, with a focus on modularity and performance.
A new version of the Apache HTTP web server written in C++ using the Google crosstool toolchain.
A new version of the Apache Web Server that uses modern computer hardware to deliver faster performance.
A new version of the Bullet physics engine.
A new version of the C language with a focus on security and correctness.
A new version of the D programming language that adds several new features.
A new version of the Dropbox website that uses Rust for performance and scalability.
A new version of the Facebook website that has been redesigned from scratch to be faster and easier to use.
A new version of the Firefox web browser that's better in every way than the existing Firefox.
A new version of the Floppy Disk Container file format for storing files on floppy disks.
A new version of the GNU Grep tool that uses a more efficient algorithm to search for patterns in text files.
A new version of the Google+ API for web developers.
A new version of the HTTP protocol that adds support for encrypted connections and server-side TLS certificates.
A new version of the HTTP protocol that fixes the current issues with the protocol and makes it faster.
A new version of the HTTP protocol written in Haskell.
A new version of the I2P anonymous networking stack written in Rust.
A new version of the IPFS file system that is more secure, scalable, and usable.
A new version of the IRC protocol that uses encryption, has a built-in time-series database, and supports message signing.
A new version of the JavaScript framework Vue.js with a focus on creating reusable, composable components that are more stable and easier to build.
A new version of the Lerna open source package manager for JavaScript and web developers.
A new version of the Linux kernel with a focus on security and bug fixes.
A new version of the Linux operating system optimized for running on the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
A new version of the Linux terminal written in Go.
A new version of the Postgres database that provides greater control over the recovery process.
A new version of the Python programming language that features a static type system and type annotations.
A new version of the R programming language that adds support for working with data in JSON files.
A new version of the Raspberry Pi, with a quad-core CPU and Wi-Fi.
A new version of the Ruby on Rails framework with a focus on speed and productivity.
A new version of the Rust book that's written for grownups.
A new version of the Rust compiler that produces faster, smaller, and more secure code.
A new version of the Rust programming language that compiles to WebAssembly.
A new version of the Stanford NLP parser.
A new version of the Swift programming language that includes support for generics, improves error handling, and features a broader set of language features.
A new version of the X Window System for Linux that supports the Wayland display server protocol.
A new version of the XKCD webcomic generator, written in Rust.
A new version of the classic MUD, written in Elixir.
A new version of the classic Pong game, written in Python, that supports up to 6 simultaneous players.
A new version of the classic Unix text editor written in Python.
A new version of the classic arcade game Asteroids written in Python.
A new version of the classic arcade game, Space Invaders, written in Python.
A new version of the classic board game Mastermind, which intelligently guesses your code in the most efficient way possible.
A new version of the classic game Q*bert with a clean, vector graphics look and a new scoring system.
A new version of the classic game Worms, with support for multiplayer games and AI bots.
A new version of the classic programming language Python that uses a more traditional grammar and style.
A new version of the classic text-based adventure game Zork.
A new version of the classic video game Escape from Tarkov.
A new version of the content management system Drupal with improved user management and security.
A new version of the popular JavaScript framework with a focus on modularity and usability.
A new version of the popular open source BitTorrent client that is faster and more secure.
A new video codec that is optimized for live streaming over the internet.
A new video editing application for macOS that uses neural networks to provide basic features that are typically only found in professional video editing applications.
A new video game engine written in Rust.
A new vision for HTML5 websites that focuses on browsing and reading, and not on writing lots of markup.
A new vision for a free and open internet.
A new way for your browser to talk to web services, with a focus on privacy, security, and performance.
A new way of building an application from many microservices that can be deployed in any programming language and any cloud platform.
A new way of building and deploying web applications to the cloud that doesn’t involve servers.
A new way of providing WiFi for apartment buildings that is more fair, decentralized, and secure than existing solutions.
A new way of rendering graphics in games using WebGL and a new set of open source tools for constructing scenes in virtual reality.
A new way of working with object-oriented programming for Python that aims to be more powerful and more flexible than anything else.
A new way of writing and editing text by using a graphical user interface.
A new way to build customizable enterprise-grade applications on the top of Kubernetes.
A new way to design and evaluate code in the browser with real-time collaboration and testing.
A new way to find and play music using a combination of machine learning and collaborative filtering.
A new way to host and manage your data that is decentralized, encrypted, and peer-to-peer.
A new way to install and manage dependencies on Linux servers, using a declarative configuration file.
A new way to interact with your web browser, replacing the mouse and keyboard with your voice.
A new way to store and query data using a graph database using JSON.
A new way to visualize the relationships between files in a large codebase.
A new web API for programmatically interacting with a Git repository hosted on GitHub.
A new web application framework that makes it easy to write HTTP APIs.
A new web browser based on Mozilla's Servo engine.
A new web browser based on Mozilla’s Servo engine.
A new web browser based on the Blink engine.
A new web browser based on the Blink rendering engine from Google Chrome.
A new web browser based on the Electron framework that applies the principles of WebKit, Chromium, and Firefox to create a fast and reliable open source web browser.
A new web browser based on the Mozilla rendering engine that focuses on speed and security.
A new web browser based on the Qt library.
A new web browser based on the work of the Brave and Firefox projects.
A new web browser built on the Chromium codebase that provides a more secure and private version of Chrome.
A new web browser built on top of the Electron framework.
A new web browser built on top of the Electron platform and focused on user privacy and security.
A new web browser built with Rust that is designed to be highly extensible and to prioritize security, privacy, and control.
A new web browser built with privacy and minimalism in mind.
A new web browser designed for private, anonymous, and secure browsing.
A new web browser engine that is fast, highly standards-compliant, and written entirely in JavaScript.
A new web browser engine written in Rust.
A new web browser for GNOME written in Rust.
A new web browser for Linux, macOS, and Windows that uses the Blink rendering engine and focuses on performance, simplicity, and security.
A new web browser for Mac OS X.
A new web browser for Mac and Linux with built-in support for anonymous browsing over the Tor network.
A new web browser for Mac, Windows, and Linux that encrypts your data by default and uses an adaptive search algorithm to help you find what you’re looking for.
A new web browser for developers.
A new web browser for iOS with a design inspired by Google Chrome and a focus on privacy.
A new web browser for macOS that focuses on privacy and improved user experience.
A new web browser for macOS, Windows, and Linux with built-in support for DRM-free video streaming and private browsing.
A new web browser for the 21st century.
A new web browser for the Amiga computer.
A new web browser for the Linux desktop that uses the Chromium rendering system but is completely open source.
A new web browser for the Mac that is based on the Electron framework but uses WebKit for its rendering engine and lets you customize it with CSS.
A new web browser for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as Firefox.
A new web browser for the Raspberry Pi that relies on the Midori web engine.
A new web browser made by Mozilla that completely reimagines the way you experience the web.
A new web browser that blocks ads, trackers, and other content that is potentially harmful to your computer.
A new web browser that emphasizes security, privacy, usability, and speed.
A new web browser that is an alternative to the big commercial browsers and protects your privacy.
A new web browser that is both highly-customizable and highly-secure.
A new web browser that is built using Rust, WebAssembly, and React.
A new web browser that is designed to help you spend less time on social media and more time on the content you care about.
A new web browser that makes it easy to configure new privacy and security settings.
A new web browser that takes a new approach to user privacy and security with the goal of being the new standard for web browsers.
A new web browser that uses WebAssembly and runs in the web and as a desktop application.
A new web browser that uses a neural network to create a personalized experience for every user.
A new web browser that uses a remote computer to render web pages, freeing you from the need to download and install Chrome, Firefox, or Internet Explorer.
A new web browser that uses modern web technologies and follows a similar design philosophy as the popular Brave browser.
A new web browser that's fast, designed for privacy, and comes with built-in support for extensions.
A new web browser that's fast, lightweight, and offers a lot more privacy than other browsers.
A new web browser that's fast, secure, and easy to use.
A new web browser with a built-in PDF reader.
A new web browser with a built-in ad blocker, anti-tracking technology, and a privacy-focused configuration.
A new web browser with a built-in adblocker, tracker blocker, and a host of privacy-focused features.
A new web browser with a built-in developer console.
A new web browser written in JavaScript.
A new web browser written in Rust for privacy and security.
A new web browser written in Rust that emphasizes privacy and security over convenience and speed.
A new web browser written in Rust that improves the speed and safety of web development.
A new web browser written in Rust that is a spiritual successor to the Opera browser.
A new web browser written in Rust that is focused on security and privacy.
A new web browser written in Rust to provide a safer, faster, and more reliable browsing experience.
A new web browser written in Rust.
A new web framework for Node.js that allows you to write your application in a variety of languages including JavaScript, TypeScript, Ruby, Swift, and C++.
A new web framework for Python that combines the speed and flexibility of Flask with the productivity of Django.
A new web framework for Rust that makes it easier to write single-page web applications.
A new web framework for Rust that makes it easy to build fast, safe, and maintainable web applications.
A new web framework for the Go programming language.
A new web framework for writing microservices in C++.
A new web game engine written in Go.
A new web hosting platform that allows you to host any type of website (Drupal, Joomla, WordPress, etc.) and automatically runs and updates your applications (Wordpress, Drupal, etc.) behind the scenes.
A new web platform for creating collaborative art projects that run in your browser.
A new web platform that aims to be free of the many problems inherent in the current dominant platforms.
A new web service that allows users to easily create and manage their own custom version of Reddit.
A new web-based IDE for writing applications in JavaScript.
A new web-based IDE with a focus on usability, security, and control.
A new web-based development environment built on top of a browser and inspired by the Sublime Text editor
A new web-based file manager that supports a wide variety of file types and provides a streamlined user experience.
A new web-based note taking application with a focus on security, privacy, and customization.
A new web-based operating system for running on the browser.
A new window manager for Linux that uses virtual desktops.
A new window manager for macOS based on the concept of “virtual desktops.”
A new, Linux-based web browser written in Rust.
A new, MIT-licensed Python library for building static websites.
A new, better version of the default macOS calendar app that integrates with both iCal and Google Calendar.
A new, better, open source desktop environment for Linux.
A new, browser-based IDE for the Julia programming language.
A new, browser-based tool for finding the best medical information for a given symptom.
A new, comprehensive Git hosting platform built on top of IPFS.
A new, cross-platform, self-hosted Evernote alternative.
A new, decentralized DNS system.
A new, decentralized and censorship-resistant version of Twitter.
A new, decentralized domain system with no centralized registry or registrar.
A new, decentralized internet protocol that lets you use the same internet from anywhere in the world.
A new, decentralized, and open source social network.
A new, decentralized, non-relational database that uses a gossip protocol to keep all the nodes in a cluster in sync.
A new, decentralized, open source version of Reddit that uses Bitcoin and Blockchain technology to ensure that content cannot be censored or taken down.
A new, fast, and safe code editor with the goal to make development easier, faster, and more enjoyable.
A new, faster JavaScript library for working with dates and times.
A new, faster, more reliable, and more secure web server written in C.
A new, free software, open source, cloud-based operating system for the Raspberry Pi that is optimized for the classroom.
A new, free, and open source way to access to scientific research papers, journals, and discussions.
A new, free, decentralized social network that respects user privacy and is built on top of existing social networks.
A new, free, open source version of the Apple Mac app "Adobe Photoshop".
A new, free, open source, high-performance chat server that uses the internet as the transport medium.
A new, fully decentralized, and open source version of Twitter.
A new, high-level language for Python that combines the best ideas of Rust, Go, and Swift.
A new, high-level, cross-platform, object-oriented programming language for building mobile applications.
A new, improved version of the Linux kernel's TCP stack.
A new, massively-scalable, distributed, globally-replicated, fault-tolerant database.
A new, modern, code-based rule engine for the Linux kernel.
A new, modern, cross-platform IDE for Go.
A new, modern, open source game engine written in Rust.
A new, more accessible open source text editor for macOS and Linux.
A new, more flexible version of VLC written in Rust that runs on Windows, Linux, and Mac.
A new, more flexible, open source version control system written in Perl.
A new, more modern web browser engine written in Rust.
A new, more private version of the popular social media site Reddit with fewer ads and tracking.
A new, more robust C++ library for working with regular expressions.
A new, more secure email server for Linux.
A new, more secure version of Git.
A new, more secure version of WordPress that uses a different software stack and development process.
A new, more secure, and more enjoyable way to develop server side applications in PHP.
A new, more secure, more reliable, and faster implementation of DNS on the internet.
A new, more user-friendly version of the open source calendar tool.
A new, open source framework for building cross-platform native applications in Rust.
A new, open source framework for building iOS native apps in C.
A new, open source implementation of the JVM written in Rust.
A new, open source implementation of the UNIX Shell.
A new, open source microblogging platform that offers a better user experience and keeps your data private.
A new, open source mobile device platform based on Linux that has been optimized for security.
A new, open source operating system for the Game Boy.
A new, open source operating system for the Internet of Things that is more secure, flexible, and scalable than the competition.
A new, open source operating system for the Nintendo Switch.
A new, open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
A new, open source operating system for the Sega Dreamcast.
A new, open source programming language for creating high-performance, low-level code.
A new, open source programming language for targeting the Ethereum Virtual Machine.
A new, open source programming language that is designed to be secure and easy to use.
A new, open source programming language with a static type system and type inference.
A new, open source version of Windows that is free from the control of Microsoft and built with the help of the community.
A new, open source version of the Apple iTunes application that is more private and open source.
A new, open source version of the Grunt build tool.
A new, open source version of the Linux kernel written in Rust.
A new, open source version of the classic DOS game Commander Keen.
A new, open source version of the famous video game Doom.
A new, open source version of the popular website builder Wix, written in Python.
A new, open source web browser for iOS devices.
A new, open source, Linux distribution that’s designed to be used in public schools.
A new, open source, decentralized microblogging platform.
A new, open source, decentralized social network and alternative to Facebook.
A new, open source, decentralized version of Reddit.
A new, open source, decentralized, peer-to-peer version of the current DNS system.
A new, open source, federated approach to publishing to the web that gives you total control of your content and a direct relationship with visitors.
A new, open source, portable Linux laptop that’s easy to assemble and repair.
A new, open source, privacy-focused search engine that doesn't track your data and respects your privacy.
A new, open source, self-hosted Trello clone that allows organizations to keep their data on their own servers.
A new, open source, self-hosted version of Google Analytics that doesn't track your users.
A new, open source, self-hosted version of Google Docs for writers that integrates with all of the major text editors.
A new, open source, self-hosted version of Google Hangouts.
A new, open source, self-hosted version of Google Sheets.
A new, open source, self-hosted version of Google Tag Manager.
A new, open source, self-hosted version of Trello.
A new, open source, self-hosted, web-based email service that doesn't suck.
A new, open source, self-hosted, web-based interface for managing your personal finances.
A new, open-source digital store for Linux applications that makes it easy for anyone to sell their own software.
A new, open-source, self-hosted webmail client written with React and Redux.
A new, open-sourced version of the Yahoo! homepage.
A new, privacy-enhancing web browser with a focus on customizability and a built-in ad blocker.
A new, privacy-focused social network.
A new, privacy-focused, decentralized browser built with React and based on the Muon platform.
A new, privacy-focused, decentralized, and censorship-resistant social network.
A new, secure, open source library for working with date and time values in Python.
A new, security-focused POSIX compatible operating system for Linux.
A new, self-hosted replacement for Google Sheets and Google Docs.
A new, self-hosted version of Google Analytics written in JavaScript that can work with Google Tag Manager.
A new, self-hosted version of Google Forms.
A new, self-hosted version of Google Search that is faster, respects your data privacy, and comes with additional features.
A new, self-hosted version of Patreon written in Stripe's Node.js API that supports multiple platforms and keeps your data on your own servers.
A new, self-hosted version of the Internet Archive's Wayback Machine that runs on multiple operating systems and lets you run your own instance.
A new, self-hosted, ad-free social network that is fully open source and has features like end-to-end encryption and support for custom user profiles.
A new, self-hosted, open source alternative to Google Sheets.
A new, self-hosted, open source social network that is committed to privacy and user control.
A new, simpler programming language with an emphasis on readability.
A new, simpler, and more intuitive interface for git.
A new, single-server version of Mastodon.
A new, standalone Mac program that works in concert with the macOS Screenshot tool to create and edit images.
A new, truly decentralized version of Reddit.
A next-gen, open source video game engine with a strong focus on modularity and extensibility.
A node module that can detect whether the code within it is being executed in a debugger.
A note-taking tool for developers that lets you keep track of your ideas in a visible, searchable format.
A notification system for your phone that's controlled by your computer or server.
A novel game development platform based on the popular Lua programming language and the LÖVE framework.
A novel written in Markdown with a custom syntax for describing code.
A open source version of the Certificate Transparency Log Monitor that lets you monitor any certificate transparency logs you run an instance of.
A package management system for the Python programming language.
A package manager and build framework for creating 3D games and interactive applications.
A package manager and build tool for the JavaScript ecosystem.
A package manager for Android that doesn't suck.
A package manager for Node.js that allows you to install packages from your machine's local file system.
A package manager for macOS, written in Swift, that installs software from multiple sources.
A package manager for the JVM.
A package manager for the Julia programming language that works on Linux, macOS, and Windows.
A package manager for the Python programming language.
A package manager for the Windows Subsystem for Linux.
A package manager for your Node.js application source code.
A page for tracking open source projects that are looking for contributors.
A password manager for Linux and Mac that is easy to use and keeps your data on your own servers.
A password manager that encrypts your data and stores it on your own computer.
A password manager that encrypts your data locally and gives you the option to share some or all of it with your collaborators.
A password manager that encrypts your passwords with a key derived from a passphrase that you can remember.
A peer-to-peer blogging platform built on top of IPFS.
A peer-to-peer social network that pays users for the value they create.
A personal assistant for Slack that integrates with IFTTT, Slash commands, and more to help you track your time and manage your productivity.
A personal finance application with a focus on automation and data security.
A personal information manager for the terminal.
A pip package for testing your Python code with a variety of tools.
A pip replacement that provides an easier way to install Python packages from source.
A platform and tools for building and executing chatbots.
A platform for building and analyzing tools for sophisticated digital marketing and web analytics.
A platform for building and deploying applications that uses a new programming language called Standard ML.
A platform for building and deploying chatbots.
A platform for building and deploying machine learning models as microservices.
A platform for building and managing a community of volunteer translators.
A platform for building and managing decentralized organizations.
A platform for building and running experiments that can be repeated and shared.
A platform for building and running high-performance machine learning models, on the cloud or on your own servers.
A platform for building and sharing design systems that can be integrated into any web app.
A platform for building and training machine learning models that can be saved and shared as Docker containers.
A platform for building chatbots for Slack communities.
A platform for building decentralized applications on the Ethereum blockchain.
A platform for building decentralized applications with an emphasis on privacy and security.
A platform for building interactive real-time visualizations.
A platform for building online communities with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security.
A platform for building secure, flexible, and scalable chatbots.
A platform for building software in the browser that uses the concept of versioning to allow for better collaboration.
A platform for creating and deploying simple Docker containers.
A platform for creating and managing online communities that allows users to keep their information on their own servers.
A platform for creating and managing polls.
A platform for creating and managing your own personal cloud.
A platform for creating and sharing educational content.
A platform for creating and sharing games that combines the best elements of the web and desktop.
A platform for creating decentralized applications built on top of a peer-to-peer network.
A platform for creating, testing, and deploying applications on the blockchain.
A platform for developing and deploying chatbots.
A platform for developing and hosting a variety of web applications written in Lua.
A platform for developing and sharing machine learning models with a focus on accessibility and simplicity.
A platform for developing, running, and evaluating reinforcement learning algorithms.
A platform for hosting, sharing, and rating art.
A platform for managing your Internet of Things devices with a simple web interface.
A platform for running Linux applications and games on Windows.
A platform for running Linux containers on Windows, Mac, or Linux.
A platform for social networking that is based on decentralized blockchain technology.
A platform for writing bots and services to run on the Telegram platform.
A platform for writing, organising, and playing text-based games.
A platform for writing, running, and managing WebAssembly programs.
A platform for writing, sharing, and running tests for your Python code.
A plug-in for Chrome that allows you to share your screen with other people in real-time.
A plugin for Atom that uses a neural network to autocomplete commands, keywords, and variables.
A plugin for Node.js that allows you to monitor and interpret the data generated by your microservices.
A plugin for VSCode that improves your C/C++ development workflow by generating the boilerplate code for you.
A plugin for a text editor that provides an interface for interacting with the computer vision API of your webcam.
A plugin for the Atom code editor that makes it easy to detect and fix potential vulnerabilities in your Node.js applications.
A podcast client for the Linux desktop that works well on the Raspberry Pi, designed with a modern interface using Electron.
A podcast player for Linux that supports podcasts and streaming radio.
A podcast player that uses the power of machine learning to recommend podcasts based on your listening habits.
A pop-up blocker for your terminal that uses a blacklist, a whitelist, and a whitelisted domain filter.
A portable Linux-based operating system for the Nintendo Switch.
A portable and self-hosted alternative to Basecamp and Trello.
A portable terminal emulator with an intuitive UI written in Rust.
A post-exploitation tool for Windows that provides shell access, file copying, and remote service execution.
A powerful IDE for editing and debugging Node.js applications.
A powerful and extensible open source IDE for Python that includes a debugger, code completion, auto-indentation, auto-formatting, and more.
A privacy-aware, adblock-like browser extension that blocks privacy-threatening trackers.
A privacy-minded, decentralized, blockchain-based alternative to Twitter.
A process that works with your community that allows you to manage projects and tasks with ease.
A program for converting a folder full of images into a video slideshow with a single click.
A program for converting music files into MIDI files.
A program for creating ASCII art animations.
A program for making minimalist wallpapers from your own photos.
A program that allows you to play classic video games on any platform, including Linux and macOS.
A program that automatically adds environment variables to the Windows registry.
A program that runs on your computer and tells you what the latest weather is like at a given location.
A program that will automatically clone, compile, test, and run a Linux kernel for you.
A programming language for creating offline-first, reactive applications.
A programming language for easy parallel development of parallel applications, as well as a new kind of parallel machine.
A programming language for writing AIs to do things like play games, answer questions, and make art.
A programming language that aims to be more concise than Python, more readable than Java, and having less redundancy than C.
A programming language that aims to provide a clear and concise syntax for programmers with a C-like syntax but the performance of a scripting language.
A programming language that combines the features of Go and Rust.
A programming language that compiles to Lua.
A programming language with a focus on privacy.
A project for building a decentralized, blockchain-based version of Twitter.
A project for building a self-driving camera car.
A project for creating a decentralized, self-hosted internet.
A project for creating a free and open source video game engine for the CryEngine.
A project for gathering and organizing ideas for new open source projects.
A project management system for small teams that features offline usability, a calendar view, and task templates.
A project management tool for teams that are working on multiple projects at the same time.
A project management tool for teams that communicates with other project management tools using open APIs.
A project management tool for teams that use GitHub.
A project management tool written in Python.
A project similar to this one, but for Python.
A project that allows you to play games on your computer using your Amazon Alexa device.
A project that automates the process of creating a static website from a variety of content sources.
A project that makes it easier to get started with the Gitflow branching model in your own repository without inventing your own workflow.
A project that runs a web server on a Raspberry Pi and uses the server's motion sensor to monitor air quality in your home.
A project that uses a neural network to generate random characters for use in a game or story.
A project that uses machine learning to make web applications more accessible by detecting and correcting common errors.
A project that uses machine learning to power a new kind of text editor.
A project that uses the concept of "algorithmic governance" to help make government more transparent and fair.
A project to build a distributed, encrypted, and shareable Git repository.
A project to build a free, open source, and community-driven operating system.
A project to build a high-performance web application framework in Python.
A project to build a new open source IDE for the Julia programming language that runs on Windows, macOS, and Linux.
A project to build a new operating system written in Go.
A proposal for a new JSON-based communication protocol and file format for the web, as an alternative to XML and JSON.
A protocol (similar to HTTP/1.1) that can be used to transfer data from one computer to another.
A prototype for a new kind of social network that lets you follow people by what they create, instead of what they share.
A public, distributed, permanent, and time-stamped bulletin board system.
A pure JavaScript implementation of a Turing Machine.
A puzzle game for Android and iOS in which you play as a sentient virus, infecting mobile devices and taking them over.
A real-time audio and video chat application.
A real-time chat application that uses WebRTC, Node.js, and MongoDB.
A real-time chat room for the Twitch community.
A real-time multiplayer game written in Python using the Pygame and Pocketsphinx libraries.
A real-time strategy game in the tradition of Dune2, Warcraft, and Command & Conquer.
A real-time, collaborative text editor in the browser.
A real-time, decentralized social network built on top of blockchain technology and encrypted smart contracts.
A regional radar weather app for Android with radar data visualizations.
A release manager for creating and publishing multiple applications on a single Ubuntu server.
A remote controlled car that can be controlled by a Swift program on an iOS device.
A replacement for Gmail written in Python.
A replacement for Google Docs that offers stronger security, supports offline editing, and works better with your favorite editors.
A replacement for RVM written in Rust that allows you to easily manage multiple versions of Ruby.
A replacement for Skype that uses a peer-to-peer network and works on a wide variety of devices.
A replacement for Skype written in Python with end-to-end encryption.
A replacement for git-flow, which lets you manage a Git repository's development workflow with a more flexible and intuitive model.
A replacement for macOS' default Terminal.app that supports many of the same features and works on Linux, Windows, and Mac.
A replacement for proprietary, closed-source antivirus products.
A replacement for the Electron browser engine that uses WebAssembly instead of JavaScript.
A replacement for the Linux kernel written in Rust for safety and speed.
A replacement for the OS X activity monitor that shows you detailed information about all of your computers processes.
A replacement for the Postgres database that offers better performance and greater flexibility.
A replacement for the default Linux text editor that allows users to upload their own themes and plugins.
A replacement for the default Mac OS X notes application that has a much better interface.
A replacement for the default Mac window switcher that shows you all the windows you currently have open, and allows you to spawn new ones.
A replacement for the default OS X text editor (TextEdit) that implements features useful to programmers.
A replacement for the default Windows Explorer application that lets you encrypt and decrypt files on your hard drive.
A replacement for the default Windows FTP client that keeps your data private and uses the powerful and flexible libcurl library.
A replacement for the default Windows calculator that allows you to do everything you need without storing any of your information online.
A replacement for the default Windows calculator that does exact arithmetic and keeps your data private while being faster and more flexible.
A replacement for the default Windows calculator that doesn't send your secret calculations to Microsoft.
A replacement for the default Windows calculator that doesn't suck.
A replacement for the default Windows calculator that includes a scientific mode.
A replacement for the default Windows calculator that keeps your data private while being more powerful.
A replacement for the default Windows calculator that uses reverse Polish notation.
A replacement for the default Windows calculator that works just as well as the proprietary alternatives.
A replacement for the default Windows calculator tool that keeps your data private while being faster and more flexible.
A replacement for the default Windows calculator.
A replacement for the default Windows command prompt that's cross-platform, better, and written in Go.
A replacement for the default Windows file copy tool that supports resuming, pause/resume, and copying to and from network drives.
A replacement for the default Windows file manager that respects your right to privacy.
A replacement for the default Windows volume control tool that keeps your data private while being easier to customize.
A replacement for the default iOS mail app that is faster, ad-free, and allows you to use a free email service like ProtonMail.
A replacement for the default macOS Mail client that keeps your data private while being faster and more flexible.
A replacement for the default macOS and macOS Server file system tools and management tools.
A replacement for the default macOS calculator.
A replacement for the default macOS file transfer application that uses fewer resources and is much faster.
A replacement for the default macOS search tool that keeps your data private while being faster and more flexible.
A replacement for the default macOS system font that's easier to read at small sizes.
A replacement for the default macOS web browser that deletes all your data if you accidentally delete it.
A replacement for the macOS Finder that’s written in Swift and offers a number of features not found in Finder.
A replacement for the macOS command line tools that includes a lot of the same functionality as macOS in a terminal window.
A replacement for the macOS status bar that offers more information and can be customized in many ways.
A replacement for the stock macOS Terminal.app that adds many new features including tab completion, the ability to run shell scripts, and user-configurable keyboard shortcuts.
A replicable and resilient cloud computing platform that provides secure computing resources for building applications and services.
A responsive, front-end framework for creating web applications.
A retro-style video game that teaches you to code by making you play through a series of levels.
A reusable open source library for writing fast parsers for structured binary data.
A reverse proxy for enabling HTTPS for a network of Node.js applications with self-signed certificates.
A rewrite of the main site for the Rust programming language in a more modern style using React and Redux.
A robot operating system that allows you to control a fleet of robots.
A robot that can walk on lava and jump over a volcano.
A robust, privacy-focused alternative to the Signal messaging app.
A search engine for finding people in open source projects.
A search engine for open source projects written in Python.
A searchable list of free, premium, and paid-for online courses on topics related to web development.
A secure distributed encrypted file storage system.
A secure trading platform based on Bitcoin, backed by a team of venture capitalists.
A secure, decentralized internet built on top of the existing internet using blockchain technology and onion routing.
A secure, decentralized, and fault tolerant name system.
A secure, encrypted email service that allows you to write your own rules for how incoming emails are handled.
A secure, private, decentralized microblogging service that supports hashtags, location, and geotagging.
A secure, self-hosted alternative to Trello that runs on your own servers.
A secure, self-hosted email service with built-in support for attachments, templates, and a Git-like interface for managing email content.
A secure, self-hosted version of the image hosting service Imgur written in Go.
A security analysis tool for HTTP requests, written in Rust.
A security analysis tool for detecting vulnerabilities in the source code of web apps.
A security auditing framework for the OWASP Java Web Application Testing Guide.
A security scanner for penetration testers that checks for common default credentials, insecure configurations, and insecure software.
A security testing tool that allows you to perform vulnerability scans against a variety of cloud services.
A security-focused system for hosting multiple websites from a single server.
A self-hosted Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Apple Push Notification Service alternative that doesn't require an Apple Developer Account.
A self-hosted Dropbox alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Dropbox alternative that lets you keep your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Evernote alternative that allows you to keep your information on your own servers.
A self-hosted Evernote alternative that can support attachments.
A self-hosted Evernote alternative that can sync your notes, notebooks, tags, and more from your Evernote account to your own servers.
A self-hosted Facebook alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Facebook alternative that uses peer-to-peer technology to make the network self-sustaining.
A self-hosted Fastmail alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted GitHub alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted GitHub alternative that requires no configuration and is designed for privacy.
A self-hosted GitHub alternative that supports Git and Mercurial, with wiki pages, issue tracking, and pull requests.
A self-hosted GitHub mirror backed by a GitLab instance for publishing and managing repositories.
A self-hosted GitHub mirroring service.
A self-hosted GitLab alternative that can be deployed on a single server and runs on Linux.
A self-hosted Google Calendar alternative that allows you to keep your information on your own servers.
A self-hosted Google Calendar alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Google Docs alternative that doesn't require Google's servers to be online or have any top-level domains.
A self-hosted Google Drive alternative for storing and syncing files.
A self-hosted Google Drive alternative that can pull data from many sources and allows you to keep your information on your own servers.
A self-hosted Google Drive alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Google Drive alternative with built-in encryption.
A self-hosted Google Drive alternative.
A self-hosted Google Search alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Google Sheets alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Google Sheets alternative with a variety of interesting features.
A self-hosted Google Sheets alternative.
A self-hosted Google Sheets clone that allows you to keep your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Google Sheets clone that can pull data from many sources and allows you to keep your information on your own servers.
A self-hosted Google Sheets clone.
A self-hosted Google Sheets like spreadsheet service written in Go that runs on Linux, macOS, and Windows.
A self-hosted Google Spreadsheets alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Google Tag Manager alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Instagram alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Jira alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Kubernetes cluster that runs on Windows, Linux, or macOS.
A self-hosted Ruby on Rails alternative that offers many of the same features as GitHub but without the tracking.
A self-hosted Slack alternative that keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Slack alternative that uses OpenTok and WebRTC as its video and voice chat technology.
A self-hosted Slack competitor that runs on your own servers and is open source.
A self-hosted Stripe clone that lets you accept credit card payments directly on your site without having to use Stripe.
A self-hosted Trello alternative that keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Trello alternative that works great on the desktop and mobile devices.
A self-hosted Trello alternative written in Python.
A self-hosted Trello clone built in Python that allows you to keep your lists on your own servers.
A self-hosted Trello clone or service that uses the same API.
A self-hosted Trello clone that allows you to keep your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Trello clone that allows you to keep your information on your own servers.
A self-hosted Trello clone that can easily be deployed to Heroku.
A self-hosted Trello clone that can pull data from many sources and allows you to keep your information on your own servers.
A self-hosted Trello clone that doesn't require a subscription fee.
A self-hosted Trello clone that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Trello clone that doesn't suck.
A self-hosted Trello clone that integrates well with GitHub, GitLab, and BitBucket.
A self-hosted Trello clone that offers many of the same features of the original, but is open source and self-hosted.
A self-hosted Trello clone that runs on your own servers and allows you to keep your data with you.
A self-hosted Trello clone that stores your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Trello clone that supports unlimited boards, unlimited users, attachments, and more.
A self-hosted Trello clone with optional encryption, offline support, and automatic syncing of your data.
A self-hosted Trello clone written in PHP that allows you to keep your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Trello clone.
A self-hosted Twitter alternative that lets you post tweets, view timelines, and archive tweets.
A self-hosted Wikipedia alternative written in Python.
A self-hosted WordPress alternative that supports user management, custom themes, and more.
A self-hosted Wunderlist alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted Yammer replacement that can pull data from many sources and allows you to keep your information on your own servers.
A self-hosted Yelp clone that doesn't store any of your information in the cloud.
A self-hosted YouTube alternative that doesn't track you, doesn't sell your information, and doesn't use Flash.
A self-hosted YouTube alternative that doesn't track your data or sell ads.
A self-hosted YouTube/Vimeo/Soundcloud/Flickr/Flickr/Imgur/Dropbox/Google Drive/Instapaper/Dailymotion/Twitch/Reddit/GitHub/Flickr backup service.
A self-hosted Youtube alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted address book written in Golang that stores all your contacts in a Postgres database.
A self-hosted alternative to AWS Lambda.
A self-hosted alternative to App.net that lets you own your data.
A self-hosted alternative to Basecamp and Trello.
A self-hosted alternative to Box.com for file sharing and syncing.
A self-hosted alternative to GitHub Issues that doesn't suck.
A self-hosted alternative to GitHub Issues.
A self-hosted alternative to GitHub focused on data privacy and security.
A self-hosted alternative to GitHub that works on your own servers and stores your data in a PostgreSQL database.
A self-hosted alternative to Github for creating and sharing web apps.
A self-hosted alternative to Github that gives you more control over your data.
A self-hosted alternative to Google Analytics that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted alternative to Google Classroom.
A self-hosted alternative to Google Forms.
A self-hosted alternative to Google Keep that can be run on your own web servers.
A self-hosted alternative to Google Maps that lets you keep your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted alternative to Google Search with a self-hosted crawler.
A self-hosted alternative to Google Sheets that allows multiple people to edit the same spreadsheet at the same time.
A self-hosted alternative to Google Translate.
A self-hosted alternative to HN that uses Bitcoin and payments in comments to reward contributors.
A self-hosted alternative to Patreon that uses Bitcoin and the Lightning Network for payments.
A self-hosted alternative to Patreon that uses Ethereum and IPFS.
A self-hosted alternative to Patreon with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and decentralization.
A self-hosted alternative to Sketch that replaces the default canvas with HTML and JavaScript.
A self-hosted alternative to Slack that allows you to keep your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted alternative to Slack that is more secure and faster.
A self-hosted alternative to Slack that keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted alternative to Slack, designed to be fully encrypted and open source.
A self-hosted alternative to Slack.
A self-hosted alternative to Stack Overflow that allows users to create question-and-answer content.
A self-hosted alternative to Stripe and PayPal that runs on your own servers.
A self-hosted alternative to Stripe for accepting online payments.
A self-hosted alternative to Stripe for accepting payments online or in person.
A self-hosted alternative to Stripe's webhooks service that sends and receives messages over the WebSocket protocol.
A self-hosted alternative to Trello and Google Docs that uses Markdown for formatting.
A self-hosted alternative to Trello.
A self-hosted alternative to Twitter that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted alternative to YouTube that uses peer-to-peer technology, some of which is implemented in JavaScript, to prevent third parties from taking away your personal data.
A self-hosted alternative to the Cloudflare content delivery network.
A self-hosted alternative to the FilePane plugin for Google Drive that allows you to keep your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted alternative to the GameFAQs website that is open source and able to run on Linux, macOS, and Windows.
A self-hosted alternative to the Gitlab community edition, written in Go and backed by Postgres.
A self-hosted alternative to the Google Play Store that allows you to install software without giving Google any of your data.
A self-hosted alternative to the Google Play Store that allows your users to install Android apps from your own servers.
A self-hosted alternative to the Google Translate API.
A self-hosted alternative to the Mixpanel analytics platform.
A self-hosted alternative to the Mozilla Developer Network that can be used by developers to document their projects.
A self-hosted alternative to the Stripe payment service.
A self-hosted alternative to the Trello project management app.
A self-hosted alternative to the Trello time tracking service.
A self-hosted alternative to the WP.com REST API for WordPress.
A self-hosted alternative to the popular Trello project management tool.
A self-hosted analogue to the Apple iMessage service.
A self-hosted and open source alternative to the Speech-to-Text API for developers.
A self-hosted application management solution that reinvents the way you build and deploy apps.
A self-hosted calendar app that can sync with Google Calendar, iCal, and more.
A self-hosted clone of the Prompt.
A self-hosted database service with an easy-to-use API for storing and querying data.
A self-hosted email server that respects your privacy, stores your emails forever, and offers tons of addon services.
A self-hosted email service that respects your privacy and doesn't sell your data to advertisers.
A self-hosted issue tracker that is free to use, open source, and doesn't require you to give up your private data.
A self-hosted issue tracker that uses Markdown for descriptions, comments, and issue metadata.
A self-hosted open source alternative to Slack with end-to-end encryption and open APIs.
A self-hosted open source version of the Name.com Domain Manager.
A self-hosted project management tool with version control built right in.
A self-hosted replacement for Amazon Web Services that offers many of the same features.
A self-hosted replacement for Google Analytics that doesn't require you to send any data to Google.
A self-hosted replacement for the Heroku platform as a service that runs on Linux, Windows, or macOS.
A self-hosted replacement for the Trello API.
A self-hosted service for managing and syncing your Evernote data.
A self-hosted service that allows you to create and publish slideshows from your personal collection of images.
A self-hosted social network that respects your privacy and doesn't track your information.
A self-hosted tool for managing your Git, Mercurial, and Subversion repositories, and viewing the diffs between branches and tags.
A self-hosted version of Amazon Web Services with a focus on privacy and security.
A self-hosted version of Articulate that can be used to create interactive courses, quizzes, surveys, and more..
A self-hosted version of Fastly, written in Go, that allows you to cache your images to Cloudflare.
A self-hosted version of GatsbyJS, written in TypeScript.
A self-hosted version of GitHub that can be used within your organization without giving up your privacy or control over your data.
A self-hosted version of GitHub that doesn't suck.
A self-hosted version of GitHub that offers the same functionality as GitHub Enterprise.
A self-hosted version of GitHub that you can run on your own servers and never have to worry about their reliability.
A self-hosted version of Github that doesn't suck.
A self-hosted version of Google APIs.
A self-hosted version of Google Apps for Work with full compatibility for Google Apps Script.
A self-hosted version of Google Classroom.
A self-hosted version of Google Cloud Console that can integrate with your existing Google APIs.
A self-hosted version of Google Drive without the proprietary restrictions and limitations.
A self-hosted version of Google Keep that allows you to keep your information on your own servers.
A self-hosted version of Google Maps.
A self-hosted version of Google Sheets that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted version of Google Sheets that offers many of the same features as the original.
A self-hosted version of Google Sheets that syncs with your Google Drive account.
A self-hosted version of Google Sheets.
A self-hosted version of Jira.
A self-hosted version of Microsoft OneNote for taking notes, collaborating, and organizing your projects.
A self-hosted version of Runkeeper, written from the ground up as an open source project.
A self-hosted version of Sketch, written in HTML and JavaScript.
A self-hosted version of Skype written in Node.js.
A self-hosted version of Slack that allows you to keep your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted version of Slack that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted version of Slack, with a code of conduct and a robust spam and abuse detection system.
A self-hosted version of Slack.
A self-hosted version of Tableau that can connect to your data sources and visualize them without sending your data to the cloud.
A self-hosted version of Trello that allows you to keep your information on your own servers.
A self-hosted version of Trello that can be used on any device.
A self-hosted version of Trello that doesn't force you to use a third-party service.
A self-hosted version of Trello that is free for a single user.
A self-hosted version of Trello with an API.
A self-hosted version of WeTransfer with better privacy, no ads, and less tracking.
A self-hosted version of Wikipedia written in Scala.
A self-hosted version of YouTube that can be used to store video files on your own server.
A self-hosted version of YouTube that runs on a self-hosted version of the Google Play Store using the same APIs as the official Google version.
A self-hosted version of YouTube without ads, tracking, or censorship, written in Go.
A self-hosted version of ZEFR.
A self-hosted version of the AWS Batch serverless service.
A self-hosted version of the Activity Logs page in Analytics.
A self-hosted version of the Amazon Kinesis serverless service.
A self-hosted version of the Amazon S3 file sharing service that doesn't require you to give Amazon your data.
A self-hosted version of the Cloudflare dashboard that you can run on your own servers.
A self-hosted version of the DeviantArt API that can be used for a variety of purposes.
A self-hosted version of the Facebook Messenger platform that doesn't track you.
A self-hosted version of the Figma online editor that doesn't require a Figma login.
A self-hosted version of the GTmetrix website that allows you to test the performance of your websites and track their progress over time.
A self-hosted version of the GitHub Issues tracker that's faster, has full Markdown support, and can be run on your own servers.
A self-hosted version of the GitLab CI runner that works with your own Git repository.
A self-hosted version of the GitLab code repository.
A self-hosted version of the Gitter chat service for open source projects.
A self-hosted version of the Google Docs online office suite.
A self-hosted version of the Google Drive API.
A self-hosted version of the Google Drive backend that allows you to easily integrate your own application with Google Drive.
A self-hosted version of the Google Drive file storage service.
A self-hosted version of the Google Play app store that doesn't suck.
A self-hosted version of the Heroku build system, written in Go.
A self-hosted version of the OpenStreetMap editor, written in JavaScript.
A self-hosted version of the Patreon crowdfunding website.
A self-hosted version of the PersonalBrain alternative that keeps your data on your own servers.
A self-hosted version of the ProtonMail secure email service.
A self-hosted version of the Reddit API for use in your own projects.
A self-hosted version of the Stripe API.
A self-hosted version of the Stripe payment gateway.
A self-hosted version of the Trello project management service.
A self-hosted version of the Trello project management tool that doesn't require signing up for an account.
A self-hosted version of the Trello web app that's open source and written in JavaScript.
A self-hosted version of the WhatsApp messaging service that uses the Signal protocol.
A self-hosted version of the dat project.
A self-hosted version of the default YouTube experience.
A self-hosted version of the popular "Write or Die" productivity app.
A self-hosted version of the popular Trello to-do list app.
A self-hosted version of the popular calendar and schedule management tool.
A self-hosted version of the popular question and answer site StackOverflow.
A self-hosted version of the popular software-as-a-service product Trello.
A self-hosted version of the project management service Trello.
A self-hosted web app for tracking your personal finances.
A self-hosted web application that allows you to capture time spent on projects and track tasks.
A self-hosted, ad-free alternative to Google Analytics.
A self-hosted, decentralized Twitter alternative that runs on Mastodon.
A self-hosted, decentralized version of YouTube that pays content creators with crypto-tokens.
A self-hosted, extensible version of the Mastodon social networking platform.
A self-hosted, fully integrated version of the BitTorrent protocol written in Python.
A self-hosted, open source (GPLv3) alternative to Google Analytics.
A self-hosted, open source Dropbox competitor.
A self-hosted, open source Salesforce competitor.
A self-hosted, open source alternative to GitHub issues.
A self-hosted, open source alternative to Google Alerts, written in Python.
A self-hosted, open source alternative to Google Analytics that doesn't track your visitors and doesn't sell your data.
A self-hosted, open source alternative to Google Analytics.
A self-hosted, open source alternative to Mixpanel that can be used for A/B testing, analytics, and personal analytics.
A self-hosted, open source alternative to Patreon that gives creators full control over their content and finances.
A self-hosted, open source alternative to Patreon, the way you should be running your crowdfunding campaigns.
A self-hosted, open source alternative to Slack
A self-hosted, open source alternative to Trello that can be used for project management.
A self-hosted, open source version of Atlassian Confluence, written in Node.js.
A self-hosted, open source version of GitHub built on top of GitLab CE.
A self-hosted, open source version of GitLab.
A self-hosted, open source version of the popular cloud-based financial management tool.
A self-hosted, personal social network built on top of Mastodon.
A self-hosted, privacy-first, open source alternative to the Google Play store.
A self-hosted, self-destructing, encrypted file sharing service.
A self-hosted, self-hosting, free, open source alternative to Medium.
A self-hosted, self-updating list of the best security tools available for a given platform.
A serialization format for sharing the state of arbitrary objects between machines.
A series of examples on how to build a full-stack React app that uses Docker, Kubernetes, and other related technologies.
A serverless API for managing a fleet of drones.
A serverless data store built on top of DynamoDB that allows you to store, query, and analyze all your data.
A serverless email service that lets you send and receive emails without a server.
A serverless framework for building and deploying apps in Node.js.
A serverless framework for building applications with a focus on usability, security, and control.
A serverless framework for building full-stack web applications with a focus on ease of use, security, and control.
A serverless framework for mobile apps that allows you to focus on writing code instead of managing servers.
A serverless microservices platform that makes it easy to build, connect, and secure your apps and APIs.
A serverless platform built on top of AWS Lambda.
A serverless platform for developing and deploying web applications.
A serverless task runner for Rust that runs on AWS Lambda.
A serverless web application platform on top of Kubernetes, enabling you to deploy and scale any Node.js application easily.
A serverless, geolocation-based, interactive chat application that runs on a Raspberry Pi or Pi-compatible device.
A serverless, self-hosted version of the Mobile App Management service from Apple, allowing you to maintain the apps you’ve purchased, and keep them up to date.
A service for converting your Docker images to a standard Docker registry format.
A service for creating and sharing private documents that live in your browser and sync across all your devices.
A service for detecting and blocking malicious websites.
A service for generating real-time, distributed, in-memory cache clusters using the Raft consensus protocol.
A service for hosting web applications on a variety of backends, written in Go.
A service for hosting your own Git servers on the cloud.
A service for monitoring the health of your MongoDB database and providing notifications when the health metrics are outside of an acceptable range.
A service for reading and writing documents to IPFS, based on the IPFS-Swarm protocol.
A service for running a local encrypted cloud backup of your data and accessing it on any device.
A service for sharing configuration files between development environments.
A service for sharing your screen, written in JavaScript, using the power of WebRTC.
A service that allows you to publish HTML pages to Amazon S3 via a web interface.
A service that allows you to track when your package will arrive and provides details on where it is and what’s happened to it.
A service that allows you to write and see your own blog posts on any website that supports Markdown.
A service that finds and quarantines ransomware samples in your email inbox.
A service that monitors the health of the BSD systems and services running on a network.
A service that performs a one-time deep inspection of your web server log files and reports on potential security vulnerabilities.
A set of Android libraries for parsing and generating human-friendly dates and times in your apps.
A set of Ansible playbooks and documentation for deploying a modern web application stack to an AWS VPC.
A set of Docker images for running a variety of operating systems, programming languages, and frameworks, including Node.js, Ruby, Python, C++, and more.
A set of Python bindings for the Steamworks API.
A set of Python scripts that automatically generate documentation for your Python code from its docstrings.
A set of React components for building chat applications.
A set of analog and digital sensors for your computer that can be accessed over the Web.
A set of browser extensions that allows you to block tracking and ads on the web and donate bandwidth to Wikipedia.
A set of command line tools to automate the process of analyzing log files.
A set of electron-based desktop applications for working with Git.
A set of general purpose Unix tools for the Windows command line.
A set of high level abstractions for building web applications in Python.
A set of interactive terminal tutorials designed to help people learn about programming, software development, and computer science.
A set of interactive tools for exploring and understanding Reddit’s communities and trends.
A set of microservices for building your own Slack clone.
A set of microservices that form a backend for a personal assistant.
A set of open source components for building your own Discord chatbot.
A set of open source libraries for building modern web applications.
A set of open source libraries for the exploration of motion tracking and machine learning in virtual reality.
A set of open source libraries for writing Telegram Bots in Python.
A set of open source mobile apps that allow you to share photos with your friends and family.
A set of open source modules that can be used to teach machine learning to beginners.
A set of open source projects for learning modern web development.
A set of open source tools for automating and managing the provisioning of Windows virtual machines, written in PowerShell.
A set of open source tools for converting websites from Flash to HTML5.
A set of open source tools for creating and deploying text-based audio adventure games.
A set of open source tools for debugging, testing, and profiling Python 3 code.
A set of open source tools for managing virtual machines, containers, and the hosts they run on.
A set of open source tools for teaching students how to use a Linux command line.
A set of open source tools for working with Slack teams.
A set of open source tools for writing clear, idiomatic JavaScript.
A set of open source tools for writing your own virtual reality software.
A set of plugins for Atom that adds support for programming in Markdown and other languages.
A set of scripts that allow you to connect a remote computer to your Windows machine with a single command.
A set of shell scripts that allows you to sync your iPod with your Linux computer.
A set of tools and libraries for building games with a focus on multiplayer, virtual reality, and WebGL.
A set of tools and libraries to make it easier to create 3D games in Python.
A set of tools for analyzing, modifying, and emulating the behavior of a Lua VM.
A set of tools for automatically generating rich, interactive web applications in JavaScript.
A set of tools for automating software testing on macOS.
A set of tools for automating the deployment process of web applications in Kubernetes, including creating and configuring the containers, managing secrets, and all the other stuff that usually takes hours to set up.
A set of tools for automating the installation of and upgrades to a self-hosted Nextcloud instance.
A set of tools for building Docker images that are small enough to fit on a floppy disk.
A set of tools for building a self-hosted version of the Internet Archive.
A set of tools for building and deploying docker containers.
A set of tools for building and managing whole-stack static web applications written in Go.
A set of tools for building and managing your own minimal Debian-based Linux distribution.
A set of tools for building high-quality 2D games in Unity.
A set of tools for converting PDFs to HTML, a web app for consuming said HTML, and a service for converting PDFs to HTML via email.
A set of tools for creating and editing interactive fiction games.
A set of tools for creating and hosting an online game using the Lua programming language.
A set of tools for developing Electron applications with webpack.
A set of tools for developing, running, and maintaining a Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery pipeline for an application written in Go.
A set of tools for improving the security, privacy, and usability of Android.
A set of tools for making it easier to deploy and maintain a Kubernetes cluster in production.
A set of tools for managing Postgres replication.
A set of tools for managing and deploying a web server on a Docker container.
A set of tools for managing and deploying applications to Google Container Engine.
A set of tools for managing and deploying static websites written in Go.
A set of tools for managing secrets.
A set of tools for managing, scaling, and analyzing your Cloudflare logs.
A set of tools for prying back the curtain on the web tracking industry.
A set of tools for reverse engineering Android APKs.
A set of tools for verifying the authenticity of photos using image analysis and blockchain technology.
A set of tools for writing and editing Markdown.
A set of tools that can be used to scan the internet for other people's vulnerable and misconfigured servers.
A set of tools to make it easier to build, test, and maintain production Kubernetes clusters.
A shared Git service for hosting multiple repositories across multiple organizations.
A short puzzle game where the player needs to get their avatar across a maze to the exit.
A side-scrolling platformer written in Unity.
A side-scrolling roguelike game written in Python.
A simple "Graphical User Interface" (GUI) for the Unix command line utility screen.
A simple GUI editor for creating interactive terminal applications.
A simple IDE for Python on the Raspberry Pi.
A simple JavaScript library that makes it easy to build a key-value store.
A simple Python library for interfacing with the Discogs API.
A simple Python web app to manage your cryptocurrency portfolio.
A simple VNC server that runs on Mac, Linux, and Windows.
A simple and easy-to-use video game engine.
A simple and fast web application server written in Go.
A simple and flexible serverless framework for Node.js.
A simple and secure password manager that uses encryption, digital signatures, and key derivation to protect your data.
A simple app that allows you to upload and share files and links with those around you.
A simple application that uses OpenCV to identify faces in a photo and return their names.
A simple command line tool for creating a video from a list of images.
A simple command line tool for creating single-file browser-based games written in JavaScript.
A simple command line tool for finding the class or module for a piece of Ruby code.
A simple command line tool for generating a variety of text-based art.
A simple cross-platform library for using the V4L2 Linux video capture API with Python.
A simple game engine for building 2D turn-based games.
A simple game engine with support for 2D graphics and audio written in C++ using SDL.
A simple game written in Python that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A simple hardware device that translates devices' infrared remote control signals into a Bluetooth LE format for use with a smartphone.
A simple interface for interacting with a wide variety of databases.
A simple online tool for sharing and viewing your code snippets.
A simple open source AI-powered chatbot that you can train using your own data.
A simple open source SSH-accessible server designed to make it easy to run a command on a remote server.
A simple serverless message broker for sending messages between web apps and services.
A simple service for single-click installation of various development tools.
A simple terminal based text editor.
A simple text-based terminal emulator that can be used to create a customized shell environment.
A simple to use, no-nonsense, command-line app for managing your Mastodon account.
A simple to-do list manager for the command line.
A simple tool for automatically generating a changelog from your commit history.
A simple tool for creating a bootable USB drive from a Linux ISO.
A simple tool for generating a random password using the Diceware method.
A simple tool for installing Windows programs on Linux.
A simple tool for parsing and extracting information from public spreadsheet documents, such as the ones on Google Sheets or GitHub.
A simple tool for running scheduled operations in the command line.
A simple tool for tracking the books you've read and the books you want to read.
A simple tool for translating text written in one language to text written in another.
A simple utility for managing AWS Lambda functions written in Python.
A simple utility for quickly and easily converting Markdown documents to HTML documents.
A simple way to create and run a chatbot on Facebook Messenger.
A simple way to create, share, and publish NPM packages on a custom domain.
A simple way to start a serverless application server from the command line.
A simple web app for organizing your Lego collection.
A simple web app that compiles Python and JavaScript code into a single script that uses PyPy to run on a web browser.
A simple, cross-platform, command line interface for creating and editing Markdown documents.
A simple, easy to use, and open source alternative to Adobe Acrobat.
A simple, easy-to-use, open source password manager.
A simple, extensible, and reliable tool for deploying self-hosted, containerized applications.
A simple, fast, self-hosted file sync service.
A simple, flexible, and open source implementation of TensorFlow in Python that is designed to be understandable.
A simple, graphical tool for learning how to read sheet music.
A simple, lightweight desktop application to keep track of your daily goals.
A simple, lightweight, and cross-platform file manager for Linux.
A simple, lightweight, and easy to use tool for creating shortcuts to files, directories, or the shell in macOS.
A simple, lightweight, and extensible PHP blogging framework.
A simple, lightweight, and low-footprint virtual machine for running interpreted languages on a Linux server.
A simple, lightweight, open source 2D game engine for the Game Boy Color.
A simple, modern, and easy-to-use desktop application for managing your website and assets.
A simple, modern, self-hosted alternative to Google Calendar.
A simple, open source WYSIWYG editor written in Bash that is perfect for editing configuration files.
A simple, open source binary clock that displays the current time in binary hours, minutes, and seconds.
A simple, open source command line interface for machine learning models.
A simple, open source tool for creating and managing secure passwords.
A simple, open source tool for recording your screen while playing video games.
A simple, open source, and free Google Chrome extension that allows you to save, search, and share your bookmarks from the world’s most popular browser.
A simple, open source, cross-platform toolkit for developing desktop applications with Python.
A simple, open source, game engine written in C# and powered by MonoGame.
A simple, open source, self-hosted alternative to Slack.
A simple, open source, web-based tool for managing your passwords.
A simple, open source, web-based, offline-first, TODO list manager that runs on your computer or a Dropbox account.
A simple, practical website for installing a LAMP stack on macOS and Linux without having to use a package manager.
A simple, secure, and fast web server written in Rust.
A simple, secure, and reliable end-to-end encrypted database service.
A simple, secure, and seamless way to pay for web content using Bitcoin.
A simple, secure, self-hosted alternative to Slack.
A simple, self-hosted alternative to GitHub Issues.
A simple, self-hosted alternative to Trello that lets you store and organize all your tasks in a single application.
A simple, self-hosted application that allows you to manage your stock portfolio.
A simple, self-hosted blogging platform for writers.
A simple, self-hosted file sharing web app where only you can upload files but anyone can download them.
A simple, self-hosted server for sending and receiving texts from your phone via a web interface.
A simple, self-hosted version of Trello that doesn't require a Google account.
A simple, self-hosted version of the App.net API.
A simple, self-hosted web application for creating blogs using markdown.
A simple, self-hosted web application for managing your Bitcoin Cash wallet.
A simple, self-hosted, Google Keep-like note taking web application that can be easily synced with your mobile devices.
A simple, self-hosted, offline-first content management system for static sites.
A simple, self-hosted, open source alternative to GitHub Issues and Pull Requests.
A single-file, cross-platform desktop app that acts as a dashboard for the most important information related to your life.
A single-page web application for managing your personal finances.
A site that lets you create your own questions and answers for any programming language, and learn from the community.
A site where you can learn how to code by running your own experiments on the outcomes of code snippets.
A small command line tool for managing your dotfiles across multiple computers.
A small, self-contained web server that uses the Lua programming language to serve web pages.
A small, self-contained, open source, mobile friendly terminal emulator.
A small, self-hosted Web server that helps you find and fix broken links on your website.
A smart mirror, powered by a Raspberry Pi and a touchscreen.
A snooze bot for Slack that lets users schedule messages to be sent at a later time.
A social network API that allows users to log in with popular social media accounts and automatically pull in their contacts and public posts.
A social network built on top of Mastodon for the US Government.
A social network that rewards users for posting links to open source projects.
A software library for building apps with a strong focus on security.
A software library for fast, parallelized generation of waveform visualizations from audio files.
A software library for the popular Arduino microcontroller with a focus on ease of use, flexibility, and a nice API.
A software package that emulates the classic Commodore 64 computer.
A software suite for performing automated testing against your servers.
A software suite for reverse engineering of binary files.
A solution for organizing, tracking, and analyzing your work, from multiple perspectives.
A soundboard application for the Mac that uses your computer's microphone to record and play back sounds.
A space-based RTS game built on top of the FreeSpace 3 engine and written in C#.
A spiritual successor to the classic PGP email encryption software written in Python.
A sprite editor for making animations for games, anime, and other video.
A standalone HTTP server written in Go that can serve files and directories from a zip file.
A static analysis framework for security and code quality.
A static analysis tool for finding bugs in your JavaScript code.
A static analysis tool for finding code smells in Java code.
A static analysis tool for open source projects that helps developers detect and fix code smells.
A static website generator using React and Markdown.
A static website generator written in and for Rust.
A static website hosting service that encrypts your data at rest using AES-GCM and uses TLS 1.2 with forward secrecy.
A statistical programming language for data analysis, visualization, and machine learning.
A streaming IRC client written in Rust.
A streaming music player for the web that indexes the music in your Google Drive and allows you to search for songs by speaking.
A study to determine whether there is a correlation between the number of users in a GitHub project and the number of issues reported, and if there is, to see if there is a formula that can predict the number of issues.
A suite of command line tools for interacting with the cloud storage service Swift, built on top of the Swift Protocol Buffer API.
A suite of frameworks and libraries for developing native apps on iOS and Android.
A suite of open source tools for measuring, monitoring, and visualizing the performance of your web application.
A suite of open source tools for writing and publishing free, digital books.
A suite of tools for analyzing and debugging Node.js microservices.
A suite of tools for automating and testing the end-to-end properties of web apps.
A suite of tools for automating security assessments of WiFi networks.
A suite of tools for building a serverless website or web application.
A suite of tools for converting images to ASCII art.
A super-fast, totally anonymous, decentralized, and open source BitTorrent client.
A system for automatically generating an API for a Laravel application.
A system for automatically inferencing the relationship between two pieces of data.
A system for building dependency parsers in the style of programming languages and for experimenting with the design of parsers.
A system for creating and editing 3D models with Blender for use in video games, 3D printing, and more.
A system for creating and giving away free software for any purpose.
A system for creating and managing Ethereum wallets based on the Ethereum Keystore standard.
A system for defining your personal rules for saving money within a budget and sticking to them.
A system for evaluating a web page’s design and code quality.
A system for generating interactive and static maps of IP addresses.
A system for hosting and sharing digital photos that uses blockchain technology to ensure that the photos can’t be copied.
A system for managing application configuration with a focus on simplicity, security, and maintainability.
A system for managing the availability of multiple servers in a cluster.
A system for organizing and finding information about words in a dictionary.
A system for performing automated software tests on your code.
A system for processing data from a program into an XML document and then loading the document into a database.
A system for running automated tests on your web applications.
A system for scheduling and running group meetings online.
A system for sharing code between different programming languages.
A system for speeding up websites by caching them and serving them aggressively from an edge node.
A system for streaming live video from a camera to a browser with a built-in chatroom.
A system for turning your web browser into a password manager.
A system for writing, deploying, and executing a Markdown-based documentation website.
A team-based multiplayer FPS game written in Rust with a focus on performance, optimization, and community involvement.
A template for building a small, self-hosted application service.
A terminal application for macOS that supports the most common Linux command line tools.
A terminal application for the MathJax mathematics rendering library.
A terminal based Twitter client built with the electron framework.
A terminal emulator for Mac that looks similar to the terminal in the movie Silicon Valley.
A terminal emulator for the 21st century.
A terminal emulator for the web written in TypeScript.
A terminal-based browser for viewing GitHub repositories.
A terminal-based chat application with a small codebase and a focus on security and privacy.
A terminal-based file manager that offers a simple interface for performing common file management tasks.
A terminal-based text adventure game in Python.
A terminal-based version of the classic board game Risk, written in Python using the Pygame library.
A terminal-based video player for VHS and VCR content.
A test suite for Node.js modules.
A testing tool for automatically testing your JavaScript code for common errors and best practices.
A text adventure game written in Python that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A text adventure game written in Python with the Twine engine.
A text adventure game, coded in Go.
A text editor focused on making it easy to write and run tests.
A text editor for coders that supports real-time collaboration, sharing, and editing.
A text editor for macOS that is a clone of Emacs written in Swift.
A text editor for programmers that supports multiple programming languages, syntax highlighting, and more.
A text editor for programmers that uses an AI to fix your code.
A text editor for writing and running Python programs.
A text editor that allows you to visually arrange your documents and write code in them.
A text editor that works equally well in the terminal or in a graphical environment.
A text editor with built-in support for Python functions.
A text editor written in Rust for use on the web.
A text-based HTML5 game.
A text-based Web browser that runs in the terminal.
A text-based game built atop the TensorFlow library that teaches you how to write machine learning algorithms.
A text-based game engine for creating visual novels with Python.
A text-based web browser that uses a neural network to render webpages from text descriptions.
A text-based web browser.
A time tracking tool for software developers that integrates with GitHub.
A time-saving tool for automatically generating changelogs based on your git commit history.
A timer to track the duration of events in Node.js.
A tiny command line tool for searching and downloading arbitrary files from the Internet.
A to-do list app written in Python using the Django web framework.
A tool for adding a customizable QR code to every piece of software you write.
A tool for adding a second display to your laptop that uses your old smartphone as a graphics card.
A tool for adding authentication to applications using a passwordless decentralized login flow.
A tool for adding spell checker support to any Linux application, including OpenOffice, LibreOffice, and Google Docs.
A tool for analyzing Docker containers to help developers understand their applications and make better decisions about them.
A tool for analyzing JavaScript code for performance, dead-code, and similar issues.
A tool for analyzing and transforming shell scripts.
A tool for analyzing and visualizing performance metrics for any Node.js application.
A tool for analyzing and visualizing the dependencies between your Ruby on Rails models.
A tool for analyzing the Git history of your project to figure out whether you’ve been following best practices with your code.
A tool for analyzing the contents of an iOS app's Xcode project.
A tool for analyzing the cost of running your open source project.
A tool for analyzing the memory usage of a Go program.
A tool for analyzing the quality of natural language sentences.
A tool for analyzing the security and privacy implications of your Android app.
A tool for analyzing the security of a given password by trying all combinations and checking whether or not they're in a dictionary.
A tool for analyzing the security of a web application's request and response headers.
A tool for analyzing the security of a webcam's remote control application.
A tool for analyzing the source code of open source projects.
A tool for analyzing your JavaScript code and identifying how it will be executed in the browser.
A tool for anonymously posting text messages and pictures to an IPFS gateway, then decrypting them with a private key.
A tool for auto-generating code for the command line interface to a Python package.
A tool for automatically adding navigation to your views according to a prescribed set of rules.
A tool for automatically converting the Markdown in your README.md files into a table of contents.
A tool for automatically converting your JSON objects to a RESTful API.
A tool for automatically converting your README files into a beautifully formatted website.
A tool for automatically creating a journal of the weather conditions in your area.
A tool for automatically creating a new keypair for every machine you log into.
A tool for automatically creating a web service interface for any Python application.
A tool for automatically deploying a website from a GitHub repository.
A tool for automatically deploying your new open source project to GitHub, and setting up a continuous integration build and automatic deployment to Heroku.
A tool for automatically deploying your open source project to GitHub.
A tool for automatically detecting regressions in your JavaScript code.
A tool for automatically detecting the transformations that an image has undergone.
A tool for automatically fetching changes to IP addresses on the web and creating a database of IP address changes.
A tool for automatically finding and fixing performance problems in JavaScript code.
A tool for automatically fixing common problems in CSS files.
A tool for automatically generating API documentation for your Python code in the style of Google's API reference pages.
A tool for automatically generating React-based UIs from a JSON or YAML configuration file.
A tool for automatically generating a local development environment, including a Docker container for your project.
A tool for automatically generating a static website from a set of Markdown pages.
A tool for automatically generating a test suite for a Rust program.
A tool for automatically generating and publishing documentation for your Python code.
A tool for automatically generating build scripts and using them to compile your projects.
A tool for automatically generating cross-platform desktop applications from the command line.
A tool for automatically generating documentation for Rust crate using a custom domain-specific language to describe the public API of the crate.
A tool for automatically generating documentation from source code comments.
A tool for automatically generating documentation from the source code of your open source projects.
A tool for automatically generating human-readable changelogs from your Git commit logs.
A tool for automatically generating reproducible data-driven blog posts by reading data into a Markdown document.
A tool for automatically installing and managing multiple versions of Node.js and NPM on a single machine.
A tool for automatically parsing the source code of C and Java projects to generate a dependency graph.
A tool for automatically porting your existing Python code to Python 3.
A tool for automatically renaming and moving files in a directory structure.
A tool for automatically replacing required parameters in functions, methods, and classes.
A tool for automatically rewriting your code to be more idiomatic.
A tool for automatically running your tests in parallel.
A tool for automatically updating your hosts file to block known spies and tracking servers.
A tool for automatically updating your system's package manager, to keep your system up to date.
A tool for automating repetitive tasks in the command line.
A tool for automating security testing of your web apps, written in Python using the Selenium library.
A tool for automating the deployment and management of Docker containers on a Kubernetes cluster.
A tool for automating the deployment of Lambdas to AWS Lambda.
A tool for automating the deployment of code to a remote server.
A tool for automating the deployment of new Docker containers to a Kubernetes cluster.
A tool for automating the physical setup of a development environment, including downloading the operating system and installing the development tools.
A tool for automating the process of cross-compiling your Go code for the Raspberry Pi.
A tool for automating the process of finding API documentation for a given program.
A tool for automating the process of finding and publishing free stock photos for use in open source projects.
A tool for automating the process of running unit tests on a variety of test runners in a repeatable and consistent manner.
A tool for automating the process of setting up a secure, self-hosted, cloud storage solution without the need for any technical expertise.
A tool for automating the process of taking photos of and uploading them to the internet.
A tool for automating the setup and deployment of a Kubernetes cluster on a cloud provider.
A tool for automating your macOS screenshots in a clean and non-intrusive manner.
A tool for browsing and downloading public datasets from BigQuery.
A tool for browsing and managing the Github issues for a project.
A tool for building a Linux distribution for a Raspberry Pi.
A tool for building a botnet that can take down a website from the comfort of your own keyboard.
A tool for building a neural network model that identifies whether an image contains a given object, such as a cat or a dog.
A tool for building a personal backup of your social media accounts into a single HTML file.
A tool for building a social network focused on privacy, anonymity, and security.
A tool for building a web application that provides a simple GUI for running web development tools in the cloud.
A tool for building and hosting static websites.
A tool for building and managing a home network.
A tool for building and managing a list of professional skills and experience.
A tool for building and managing a personal wiki.
A tool for building and managing development environments for multiple programming languages and frameworks.
A tool for building and managing online communities of software developers.
A tool for building and running command line tools written in TypeScript.
A tool for building and running standalone Linux application packages.
A tool for building and testing Docker images.
A tool for building and testing custom Docker images.
A tool for building better software by finding bugs before they are released.
A tool for building browser extensions that interact with the browser in new and interesting ways.
A tool for building cross-platform desktop applications with HTML and JavaScript.
A tool for building web apps using the model-view-controller (MVC) paradigm.
A tool for building webhooks for integration with services such as GitHub, Slack, and Trello.
A tool for building your own custom iPhone app, even if you don't know how to program.
A tool for building, deploying, and managing Docker containers.
A tool for building, sharing, and running CI/CD workflows using Docker containers.
A tool for bulk-renaming files by changing their extension.
A tool for calculating the optimal number of players for a first-person shooter.
A tool for canceling recurring payments on subscriptions, memberships, or other services.
A tool for changing the DNS server on your computer.
A tool for checking if a public website is HTTPS-only.
A tool for checking website for accessibility or mobile-friendliness using its W3C validator.
A tool for cleaning up and optimizing CSS.
A tool for collecting and analyzing network data.
A tool for collecting data about the state of your projects on GitHub.
A tool for collecting feedback from your constituents through email, text messages, or conference calls.
A tool for comparing and visualizing the output of multiple test frameworks.
A tool for comparing git commits by author.
A tool for comparing the contents of two folders with fuzzy matching.
A tool for comparing the performance of different C++ code optimization flags.
A tool for comparing the quality of translations between different languages.
A tool for comparing the similarity of two files based on their byte-level content.
A tool for comparing two JavaScript codebases and outputting a list of the differences.
A tool for comparing two sets of files in order to identify the differences between them.
A tool for compiling an ear-shaped map of an area using OpenStreetMap data.
A tool for configuring your wireless card for use on multiple wireless access points.
A tool for controlling Google Cloud Platform services using the command line.
A tool for controlling the layout of digital signage and information kiosks.
A tool for converting 2D sprites into 3D models.
A tool for converting CSV data into JSON objects.
A tool for converting CSV files in a directory structure to JSON.
A tool for converting Commodore 64 assembly code to machine code for the NES.
A tool for converting ECMAScript code to a new programming language that’s easier to test.
A tool for converting Elixir or Erlang projects for use with IDEs like Visual Studio Code.
A tool for converting HTML to LaTeX.
A tool for converting HTML websites to static single-page applications.
A tool for converting Markdown to AsciiDoc.
A tool for converting Python code into a PHP class.
A tool for converting Python to Javascript for running on the web.
A tool for converting a CSV file into a beautiful HTML table.
A tool for converting a CSV file into a readable and easily editable XML file.
A tool for converting a CSV file into an array of objects, using a simple CSV-like syntax.
A tool for converting a dictionary or list of words into an anagram finder.
A tool for converting a git commit history into an interactive timeline.
A tool for converting a text adventure into a video game.
A tool for converting a text file into a set of linear equations.
A tool for converting a video game to a playable text adventure.
A tool for converting an SQLite database into an array of objects in JavaScript.
A tool for converting an entire website into an interactive, multi-player text adventure.
A tool for converting an existing macOS app to a Windows one.
A tool for converting any website into a static HTML document, built using a headless Chromium instance and a custom WebKit renderer.
A tool for converting between JSON, YAML, and XML.
A tool for converting data from one format to another.
A tool for converting existing HTML and CSS files to be responsive, mobile friendly, and to work in all major browsers out of the box.
A tool for converting images from one color palette to another.
A tool for converting images into sound using Google's DeepDream.
A tool for converting one GitHub repository into another GitHub repository.
A tool for converting popular Computer Science textbooks to free, open source ebook formats.
A tool for converting text to Morse code.
A tool for converting the SVG paths of emoji to PNG bitmaps to be displayed on an LCD screen.
A tool for converting the documentation of your Ruby on Rails application into a website.
A tool for converting videos for use on the Apple Watch.
A tool for converting your browser tabs into a single web app that can be run offline.
A tool for converting your car into a self-driving vehicle, backed by a huge community of volunteer testers.
A tool for converting your music library into the mp3PRO format to save space on your devices.
A tool for crawling and scraping GitHub and Hacker News for interesting new open source projects.
A tool for creating 2D animations from a set of images, like the GIFs on giphy.com.
A tool for creating 3D models of anything you can think of using a regular camera.
A tool for creating CSS grid systems that's inspired by the design of the Bootstrap grid system.
A tool for creating OpenAPI specifications from your application's REST API endpoints.
A tool for creating a custom C++14 compiler from GCC for a specific project.
A tool for creating a mind map out of a blog post, article, or other text.
A tool for creating a shared repository of code snippets from Stack Overflow.
A tool for creating a usable, secure, and cross-browser website running on a Raspberry Pi.
A tool for creating a video from a series of images or screenshots.
A tool for creating a virtual machine and installing all of your software on it.
A tool for creating a virtual machine image of your production database for offline/cold backup.
A tool for creating and deploying a cloud server from one or more images.
A tool for creating and deploying self-hosted, static websites from Markdown files.
A tool for creating and editing shell scripts (bash, zsh, and fish) through an interactive command line interface.
A tool for creating and editing text files.
A tool for creating and editing videos, written in Python and GTK+.
A tool for creating and maintaining a list of open source projects to practice security testing on.
A tool for creating and maintaining a repository of project templates for use by other developers.
A tool for creating and managing a personal collection of notes.
A tool for creating and managing a tree of Docker containers, for managing complex multi-container applications.
A tool for creating and managing multiple user profiles on a single system.
A tool for creating and managing password-protected lists of secrets.
A tool for creating and managing reusable Docker images with a simple CLI.
A tool for creating and managing virtual private servers in the cloud.
A tool for creating and managing your own personal cloud server.
A tool for creating and managing your personal Linux distribution.
A tool for creating and playing your own Magic: The Gathering cards.
A tool for creating and running Ruby on Rails applications without a local development server.
A tool for creating and sharing interactive tutorials in the terminal.
A tool for creating and sharing lightweight, reproducible, and secure documents.
A tool for creating and sharing professional-quality videos in a decentralized manner.
A tool for creating and sharing short clips of audio.
A tool for creating and sharing terminal configurations.
A tool for creating and sharing unit tests for your code.
A tool for creating and tracking shotlists for film and television production.
A tool for creating and working with Git repositories using the command line.
A tool for creating beautiful presentations in a terminal.
A tool for creating command-line tools from a YAML specification.
A tool for creating easy-to-use, auto-updating installer packages for your programs or libraries.
A tool for creating game-like experiences using HTML5 and WebGL.
A tool for creating graphs of your data, written in Python.
A tool for creating interactive 2D visualizations from a CSV file.
A tool for creating interactive 3D models of molecules.
A tool for creating interactive ASCII art from a list of images.
A tool for creating interactive charts of your data using Python.
A tool for creating new git tags with associated assets.
A tool for creating reproducible builds of your Python code.
A tool for creating videos from a collection of images.
A tool for creating videos that contain a series of still images.
A tool for creating visualizations of your network bandwidth and other live data using WebGL.
A tool for creating web-based interactive visualizations of your data.
A tool for creating your own custom terminals.
A tool for creating, maintaining, and sharing lists of free software and other open source resources.
A tool for creating, managing, and deploying Kubernetes clusters directly from the terminal.
A tool for creating, managing, and deploying a public domain zone file for DNS.
A tool for creating, storing, and sharing secrets and passwords.
A tool for creating, testing, and deploying a private Kubernetes cluster.
A tool for cross-referencing the lists of libraries in NPM packages.
A tool for debugging HTTP requests and responses in your browser, backed by a large community of developers.
A tool for deploying a single website to multiple cloud hosting providers simultaneously.
A tool for deploying and managing Docker containers on a cloud-hosted Kubernetes cluster.
A tool for deploying and testing Docker applications in a Kubernetes cluster with a single command.
A tool for deploying code to AWS Lambda using the Git revision control system.
A tool for deploying containers to Kubernetes and deploying Kubernetes to a container.
A tool for deploying static websites to GitHub Pages, Netlify, and other static hosts.
A tool for detecting and fixing vulnerable dependencies in JavaScript projects.
A tool for detecting and preventing race conditions in your Go programs.
A tool for detecting and removing dangerous content from your web traffic.
A tool for detecting and visualizing potential performance problems in a Node.js application.
A tool for detecting vulnerabilities in Android apps.
A tool for determining which of your open source projects might be useful to the Mozilla Foundation.
A tool for developing and understanding neural networks, written in Python.
A tool for discovering and exploiting security vulnerabilities in web applications.
A tool for discovering how well your code is covered by your tests.
A tool for discovering unused CSS and JavaScript assets in your website and helping you remove them.
A tool for ditching the cloud and hosting your own services on a local server.
A tool for documenting your APIs in a consistent and helpful way.
A tool for doing automated browser testing using Selenium and the WebDriver protocol.
A tool for doing live code updates over the internet similar to CodePen or JSFiddle.
A tool for doing real-time storage space profiling, including the ability to detect and report on leaks.
A tool for downloading and managing files from the command line.
A tool for downloading and managing the source code of an entire GitHub organization.
A tool for downloading torrent files in the background while you continue to use your computer.
A tool for downloading, deleting, and archiving your personal Facebook data.
A tool for drawing flowcharts and UML diagrams in your terminal.
A tool for dumping the memory of a running process to a file and allowing the contents of the memory to be inspected.
A tool for easily deploying a local HTTP proxy on a server that allows you to inspect HTTP requests in real time.
A tool for easily deploying new versions of your web application to your users via a web interface.
A tool for easily encrypting and decrypting data stored in a Google Drive spreadsheet.
A tool for easily setting up and deploying a fully-featured development environment for any language on any cloud provider.
A tool for editing the text in a PDF document.
A tool for efficiently reusing your existing code across a variety of projects.
A tool for encrypting and decrypting files using symmetric key cryptography.
A tool for encrypting and hashing files using the SHA-256 algorithm.
A tool for encrypting your data, your emails, and your messages.
A tool for encrypting, decrypting, and viewing the contents of any file on your computer.
A tool for exploring and visualizing the Linux kernel source code.
A tool for exploring code and data structures in a 3D environment.
A tool for exploring different ways of structuring your code into packages and modules.
A tool for exploring the capabilities of a voice-enabled device in your home by simulating various commands.
A tool for exploring the relationships between the files and directories in a directory structure.
A tool for extracting API documentation from a project and generating a browsable HTML site.
A tool for extracting and converting source code from a web page.
A tool for extracting data from PDF files and performing OCR in 40+ languages.
A tool for extracting metadata from files in a video container (.mkv, .mp4, etc.) and downloading the video files.
A tool for extracting, transforming, and loading data sets.
A tool for figuring out the dependencies between your Python dependencies.
A tool for figuring out what packages you depend on and which ones depend on you.
A tool for figuring out which software dependencies have known vulnerabilities.
A tool for finding and automatically fixing common bugs in Python code.
A tool for finding and exploiting blind cross-site scripting vulnerabilities.
A tool for finding and exploiting file descriptors on a web server.
A tool for finding and exploiting weaknesses in the Wi-Fi security protocols.
A tool for finding and exporting data from rich text documents.
A tool for finding and fixing security vulnerabilities in web applications that rely on SQL databases.
A tool for finding and fixing visual inconsistencies in your CSS.
A tool for finding and fixing vulnerable dependencies in a project.
A tool for finding and replacing text in python files.
A tool for finding and replacing text in the files in a directory structure.
A tool for finding and using vulnerable WordPress plugins.
A tool for finding bugs in your Java code by exhaustively searching for every possible execution path.
A tool for finding bugs in your Python code by exhaustively searching for every possible execution path.
A tool for finding dependencies between your Rails models.
A tool for finding duplicate files on your computer.
A tool for finding memory leaks in Ruby.
A tool for finding out which of your Rails models are slowest in production.
A tool for finding performance bugs across a codebase by exhaustively searching for every possible execution path.
A tool for finding performance problems in your JavaScript code by monitoring garbage collection and memory usage.
A tool for finding security vulnerabilities in a Python web application.
A tool for finding security vulnerabilities in your JavaScript code by exhaustively searching for every possible execution path.
A tool for finding security vulnerabilities in your Node.js code.
A tool for finding the best code to refactor in a single pass through the codebase.
A tool for finding the cause of a memory leak in your Node.js programs.
A tool for finding the longest words in a file or set of files.
A tool for finding unused CSS selectors in your CSS files.
A tool for finding vulnerabilities in C and C++ code.
A tool for finding your next job based on your GitHub activity.
A tool for formatting your code according to the style guide of your choice.
A tool for fuzzing C and C++ programs through a variety of attack techniques.
A tool for fuzzing command line applications and network services.
A tool for gathering data from the internet and organizing it into a table view.
A tool for generating .gifs from a video file.
A tool for generating 2D explosion effects from a set of images.
A tool for generating 2D landscapes from a heightmap.
A tool for generating 2D tile maps for games from SVG or PNG images.
A tool for generating 3D printed models of chemical molecules based on their SMILES strings.
A tool for generating a PDF from a set of HTML files using CSS to create the layout.
A tool for generating a bootable USB flash drive that can run from any computer and install Linux.
A tool for generating a collection of images that can be used to visually identify and categorize the contents of a directory structure.
A tool for generating a complete application from a simple YAML file
A tool for generating a dependency graph of all the HTML elements on a web page.
A tool for generating a full API documentation for an existing Go REST API.
A tool for generating a high-resolution time-lapse of a directory structure and the files in it.
A tool for generating a list of every route between any two points on the globe.
A tool for generating a list of most used words in a file.
A tool for generating a list of potential passwords for a specific website.
A tool for generating a portfolio website for your GitHub projects.
A tool for generating a random string by rolling dice.
A tool for generating a set of rules for managing your own email inbox and prioritizing inbox zero.
A tool for generating a static HTML page that can be hosted on any web server, and that allows you to serve your content with a single URL.
A tool for generating a static HTML version of your website.
A tool for generating a static map of a single-page application and visualizing the routes between the various views.
A tool for generating a static website from Markdown files.
A tool for generating a web-based map of the nearby WiFi networks you can connect to.
A tool for generating an Amazon S3 bucket policy for a set of S3 objects.
A tool for generating an HTML5 canvas animation of a fractal image.
A tool for generating an SVG map from OpenStreetMap data.
A tool for generating and analyzing big visualizations of your git commit history.
A tool for generating and executing SQL scripts for migrating a database from MySQL to Postgres.
A tool for generating and exploring a visualization of the call graph for a piece of code.
A tool for generating and managing SSH keys using a modern and convenient web interface.
A tool for generating and sharing random passwords.
A tool for generating and sharing unique passwords for your team and their services.
A tool for generating and testing passwords.
A tool for generating and testing random passwords.
A tool for generating card-based, cooperative board games in the style of the “Cards Against Humanity” card game.
A tool for generating data visualizations from Python or JavaScript code.
A tool for generating documentation for your Python projects by extracting docstrings from your source code and generating markdown or HTML files.
A tool for generating fake browser activity for web scraping automation.
A tool for generating fake data to test your machine learning models.
A tool for generating fractal images in Python using the Python Imaging Library.
A tool for generating graphs from a list of nodes and edges.
A tool for generating high-quality personalized images that can be used as profile pictures, avatars, or other images on social media.
A tool for generating interactive 2D and 3D data visualizations from CSV data.
A tool for generating interactive 2D visualizations of scientific data with customizability and a lightweight API.
A tool for generating interactive command line GUIs from JSON and JavaScript.
A tool for generating open source software project ideas.
A tool for generating procedural maps for strategy games.
A tool for generating proxies for traffic in a Docker network.
A tool for generating random data in the style of real-world datasets.
A tool for generating random numbers from a set of input numbers that are guaranteed to add up to a certain value.
A tool for generating random passwords that can be easily memorized but are difficult to crack.
A tool for generating random passwords with a unique seed for each generated password.
A tool for generating random passwords, written in Python.
A tool for generating random words from a given wordlist using Markov chains.
A tool for generating random words.
A tool for generating static or interactive maps of your source code using Graphviz.
A tool for generating the English shibboleth of a given text.
A tool for generating training data for deep learning networks.
A tool for generating visualizations of your MySQL queries.
A tool for generating your own handwriting font.
A tool for hacking the iPhone by injecting malicious code into it using the Lightning connector.
A tool for helping developers fix and prevent bugs in their software.
A tool for helping you install Node.js dependencies from the command line.
A tool for identifying and potentially exploiting security vulnerabilities in web applications.
A tool for identifying and removing unused CSS in your projects.
A tool for identifying visual trends and other useful information from a series of images.
A tool for identifying, characterizing, and fixing performance problems in your Java code.
A tool for increasing developer productivity by limiting the amount of time that developers spend on routine work.
A tool for indexing and searching your Gmail inbox.
A tool for injecting arbitrary code into running processes and analyzing artifacts left behind by that code.
A tool for inspecting the code of an npm package and its dependencies.
A tool for inspecting the contents of a SQL database in order to detect and troubleshoot performance problems.
A tool for installing FreeBSD or Windows Server as a Linux userland application.
A tool for keeping your security architecture straight.
A tool for learning to read and write Japanese online.
A tool for localizing and translating your app.
A tool for maintaining and distributing software development documentation.
A tool for making 2D and 3D shapes from scratch with the help of an AI (similar to Adobe Spark).
A tool for making 2D pixel art in a novel way: by editing images of physical objects in a simulated environment.
A tool for making a list of every imported module in a Python program.
A tool for making a website offline-first with Service Workers and localStorage.
A tool for making animated GIFs from videos.
A tool for making interactive visualizations based on network flow data.
A tool for making it easier to do linters and other tasks in your editor by monitoring your code as you're editing.
A tool for making large-scale visualizations of your GitHub issues.
A tool for making real-time, multi-user, text-based games (like MUDs) using a scripting language.
A tool for making your Linux desktop look like Windows.
A tool for making your own social network or social network-like website.
A tool for managing Linux containers, backed by a community of container enthusiasts.
A tool for managing a GitHub organization by delegating authorities to team members.
A tool for managing a network of independent Docker containers.
A tool for managing and deploying personal cloud storage servers using Git.
A tool for managing and distributing virtual machines on a LAN, written in Python using the Twisted framework and the VirtualBox API.
A tool for managing multiple WordPress websites.
A tool for managing packages for a personal server or a development machine.
A tool for managing passwords securely across multiple computers and devices.
A tool for managing secrets and credentials in a version control repository.
A tool for managing the dependencies between your Ruby on Rails classes.
A tool for managing the deployment of services across a fleet of servers.
A tool for managing the development lifecycle of an open source project.
A tool for managing the development of your Python codebase, including dependencies, testing, and linting.
A tool for managing the ownership of shared resources between multiple users.
A tool for managing the red-black trees used in the Rust compiler.
A tool for managing the release process for a Ruby on Rails application.
A tool for managing the secrets used by applications in a development environment.
A tool for managing versioned, reproducible build processes written in Go.
A tool for managing virtual machines using the Docker API.
A tool for managing your GitHub issues with a modern, intuitive web interface.
A tool for managing your calendar and tasks in a single interface that supports Google Calendar.
A tool for managing your dotfiles across multiple machines.
A tool for managing your password vault using YAML.
A tool for managing your servers over SSH that supports automatic authentication, the ability to save your configurations in a VCS, the ability to run commands on multiple servers at once, and more.
A tool for measuring and displaying the amount of disk space used by a Linux directory tree.
A tool for measuring the performance of your computer's disk drives.
A tool for measuring the security status of your website.
A tool for merging and diffing local Git branches with one another.
A tool for modeling and training neural networks using the Lua scripting language.
A tool for monitoring and managing your AWS Lambda functions from the command line.
A tool for monitoring your AWS infrastructure for signs of compromise.
A tool for monitoring your computer for changes and warnings about those changes.
A tool for parsing and analyzing SQL queries.
A tool for parsing and manipulating 3D models, and very efficient at it.
A tool for performing an exhaustive search of every possible traversal of a graph.
A tool for performing and comparing benchmarks between multiple different database engines.
A tool for performing reverse engineering on binaries for macOS, Windows, and Linux.
A tool for performing static analysis of JavaScript.
A tool for performing static analysis on Python code.
A tool for performing static analysis on the JavaScript code in a web page to determine possible security issues.
A tool for predicting the quality of your test cases by evaluating the code they execute.
A tool for producing web pages using a collection of markdown files.
A tool for prototyping and deploying blockchain-based applications.
A tool for prototyping new ideas in VR that anyone can use.
A tool for providing a cheap, scalable, and private alternative to Google Analytics.
A tool for querying, aggregating and viewing your CloudTrail logs.
A tool for quickly generating and previewing 3D models using a collection of images and a few lines of Python.
A tool for reading and writing JSON files to and from standard input.
A tool for recording and playback of your terminal sessions.
A tool for removing graffiti using image recognition.
A tool for replacing strings of text in a file with an arbitrary number of newlines between them.
A tool for reverse engineering compiled binaries to Javascript.
A tool for running A/B tests on your web application.
A tool for running GitLab CI builds in a Docker container.
A tool for running a command on all of your AWS instances at once.
A tool for running a local HTTP server on a port with an IP address that you can point your browser to.
A tool for running a private IPFS node.
A tool for running a series of tests in parallel on a single machine.
A tool for running a unit test suite against multiple versions of your code, using Docker containers.
A tool for running an HTTP server and serving static files from a directory.
A tool for running and managing multiple unique Windows installations on a single machine.
A tool for running and monitoring Docker applications.
A tool for running automated tests in your browser as you browse the web.
A tool for running multiple versions of Python on a single machine so you can test your code against different versions.
A tool for running ping, traceroute, and other network tools from the command line.
A tool for running pull requests in a GitHub repository.
A tool for scanning your hard drive for malware and tracking any changes to the file system.
A tool for scheduling data backups to Amazon S3.
A tool for scraping web pages and producing structured data in JSON format for easy consumption by machine learning algorithms.
A tool for scraping websites and extracting structured data from them in a non-destructive way.
A tool for scraping websites and extracting structured data.
A tool for searching and replacing text in the files in a directory structure, with support for regular expressions and ignore files.
A tool for searching the contents of files on your computer by using regular expressions.
A tool for securely and easily sharing files and folders across the internet.
A tool for securely sharing and storing private data.
A tool for securely storing a password database with AES-256 encryption.
A tool for securely storing secrets in Git repositories.
A tool for sending email from the command line using a Gmail account.
A tool for separating a video into its component parts.
A tool for setting up a local VPN service.
A tool for setting up a private online bulletin board that uses user-created RSS feeds from their own blogs to organize posts.
A tool for setting up an HTTPS-only server in a matter of seconds.
A tool for sharing and installing open source software.
A tool for sharing files between two Macs over the local network, without needing to create an ad-hoc wireless network.
A tool for sharing files through the local network without any need for a cloud server.
A tool for sharing files with others that securely deletes files after a set period of time to prevent them from being recovered.
A tool for sharing your IP address with the other people you are sharing a wifi connection with.
A tool for sharing your laptop's screen to a browser window on any device.
A tool for showing the dependencies between packages installed on your Linux distribution.
A tool for simulating a distributed system with Docker containers.
A tool for simulating random data.
A tool for skipping entire sections of a game by automatically playing timed segments of the game.
A tool for taking a set of photos and creating a 360° panoramic image.
A tool for taking notes and managing tasks with a focus on simplicity and portability.
A tool for taking partial backups of a PostgreSQL database across a cluster.
A tool for taking screenshots of a website and making edits to the image before saving it.
A tool for taking screenshots of web pages and stitching them together into a video.
A tool for teaching neural networks to speak using a huge database of audio files.
A tool for testing Linux software updates for regressions and usability problems.
A tool for testing a web application's ability to break out of a sandbox and escape execution confinement.
A tool for testing and deploying Docker applications.
A tool for testing the robustness of a program to changes in its inputs.
A tool for testing the security of a password by brute-force guessing.
A tool for testing the security of your AWS Lambda functions.
A tool for testing the security of your AWS cloud infrastructure and detecting misconfigurations.
A tool for testing the security of your AWS environment by performing common attacks and seeing how your system responds.
A tool for testing the security of your SSH keys.
A tool for testing the security of your application.
A tool for testing the security of your npm dependencies.
A tool for testing the security of your website's SSL/TLS implementation.
A tool for testing web applications for known vulnerabilities.
A tool for testing your API that generates a test client using the API schemas.
A tool for testing your application for CORS-related vulnerabilities.
A tool for tracing the dependencies between your Node.js modules and for generating a dependency graph.
A tool for tracking cross-language dependencies in your code.
A tool for tracking the credits and attributions of the audio in your videos.
A tool for tracking the popularity of language features, projects, and libraries over time.
A tool for tracking the quality of open source projects and automatically running tests on pull requests.
A tool for training and evaluating AI models for text classification and summarization.
A tool for training and improving your typing speed and accuracy with a personal game that adapts to your skill level.
A tool for transforming a list of URLs to be visited into a single CSV file.
A tool for transforming figures into ASCII art while also learning a classification model to describe its content.
A tool for transforming the styles of one drawing to another.
A tool for transforming your old web pages into responsive, mobile-friendly designs.
A tool for translating markdown documents into static websites.
A tool for turning ASCII art into an animated GIF.
A tool for turning a .yaml configuration file into an interactive website.
A tool for turning a directory of images into a short video.
A tool for turning a webpage into an interactive book.
A tool for turning any website into a self-hosted, ad-free YouTube alternative.
A tool for understanding the memory usage and performance of your Go code.
A tool for use with git to perform automated code reviews.
A tool for using Google's machine learning tools to build a neural network that can recognize your handwriting.
A tool for using React to build data visualizations with d3.
A tool for using a neural network to convert a sound to an original painting in the style of your favorite artist.
A tool for using a neural network to generate original music in the style of your favorite artist.
A tool for using machine learning to create a unique, performant, and visual design for your website.
A tool for using the Google Cloud Natural Language API to generate a sentiment analysis for a list of files.
A tool for using your computer’s spare CPU cycles to analyze and solve hard problems.
A tool for viewing your project's commit history as a graph.
A tool for visualizing HTTP requests as a sequence of events.
A tool for visualizing and debugging a multi-threaded Go program.
A tool for visualizing and exploring the dependencies between your Ruby on Rails models.
A tool for visualizing and extracting insights from the data in your financial statements.
A tool for visualizing data from a file as a sequence of bar charts.
A tool for visualizing the compositional structure of your text data.
A tool for visualizing the dependencies between your Python libraries.
A tool for visualizing the hierarchy of objects in your Python application.
A tool for visualizing the network traffic between your computer and the websites you visit.
A tool for visualizing the relationship between your JavaScript code and the DOM.
A tool for visualizing the structure of the Internet.
A tool for visualizing the topology of a program organized as a directed acyclic graph and helps you identify code that's not well-structured.
A tool for visualizing your Git history over time.
A tool for visualizing, debugging, and tuning the performance of your Node.js application.
A tool for working with the Flatbuffers data serialization library from Rust.
A tool for writing Vim plugins in Rust.
A tool for writing a new book in the style of the one you’re reading.
A tool for writing a shell script to automate a repetitive task or series of tasks.
A tool for writing and debugging shell scripts.
A tool for writing and deploying Ansible playbooks to Amazon Web Services.
A tool for writing and deploying your own static website.
A tool for writing and maintaining documentation for your applications.
A tool for writing and publishing a book in PDF, EPUB, and Kindle formats.
A tool for writing and publishing books on the blockchain.
A tool for writing and publishing documents to your own personal website.
A tool for writing and styling CSS code in Markdown or YAML, and generating cross-browser compatible CSS.
A tool for writing and testing regular expressions.
A tool for writing idiomatic JavaScript using TypeScript.
A tool for writing unit tests for Rust programs.
A tool for writing your own domain-specific languages via Ruby metaprogramming.
A tool for writing, editing, and running prose.
A tool for writing, executing, and testing PySpark scripts.
A tool for writing, organizing, and executing a professional development plan.
A tool for writing, reading, and managing encrypted passwords.
A tool for writing, running, and playing micro-games in the terminal.
A tool for writing, testing, and debugging unit tests for shell scripts.
A tool that allows you to control your computer through a speech interface. (Think Siri for the command line.)
A tool that allows you to monitor the HTTP traffic between your browser and the websites you visit.
A tool that allows you to use Ruby gems in your shell scripts.
A tool that automatically converts, normalizes, and aggregates your software development backlog items into a single format that can be consumed by an infinite number of ticketing systems.
A tool that automatically detects and blocks fraud by analyzing the HTTP traffic between your browser and the websites you visit.
A tool that automatically uploads your log files to your own server.
A tool that can generate a random password based on the website you're currently visiting.
A tool that converts a C++ program into a Docker container.
A tool that creates a virtual machine image for each commit of a GitHub repository.
A tool that helps you generate test data for your databases.
A tool that helps you to visualize the relationships among people, places, and things in your data.
A tool that makes it easy to easily deploy, host, and manage a website on your own hardware.
A tool that tells you how your code would look if it was written in another programming language.
A tool that uses a neural network to convert photos of text into actual text.
A tool that uses a neural network to generate original jazz music.
A tool that will automatically update all of your open source software to the latest version.
A tool to analyze the malware families used in the recent Bad Rabbit, NotPetya, and WannaCry Ransomware attacks.
A tool to automatically generate a test harness from a JSON or YAML test specification, with a focus on making it easy to write tests in the first place.
A tool to compare the performance of many different Linux virtualization solutions.
A tool to help you extract data from spreadsheets using Google Spreadsheets as a data source.
A tool to help you track your cryptocurrency portfolio.
A tool to pull data from various cryptocurrency exchanges and display it in a unified format.
A tool to search for and analyze jobs on GitHub.
A toolkit for building Slack-alternatives with real-time activity feeds, public and private groups, and more.
A toolkit for building beautiful, functional, and fast touch-first web applications.
A toolkit for building portable applications that can run on any operating system.
A top-down 2D RPG made in Python with Pygame.
A top-down 2D graphics game with a focus on fun and replayability.
A touchscreen-enabled desktop environment for the Raspberry Pi.
A tutorial on how to build a calculator in Python using the Pygame library.
A type-checker for JavaScript that will convert any valid JavaScript into TypeScript.
A universal controller-mapping tool for PCs, mobiles, and VR headsets that supports every game.
A user interface for managing Linux software repositories.
A user interface for managing your online privacy and security settings.
A user interface for the IPFS file system with an integrated web browser and file manager.
A user-friendly, open source version of the AWS CLI.
A user-friendly, self-hosted version of Google’s BigQuery.
A utility for converting CSV files into TSV files.
A utility for creating and editing interactive, multi-touch drawings.
A utility for creating and managing one-time passwords.
A utility for finding and replacing code written in JavaScript, Python, Ruby, PHP, and Java.
A utility for managing multiple git repositories from a single git.config file.
A utility for organizing and managing your Mac apps and files.
A utility for recording and replicating keyboard and mouse actions.
A utility to help you create your own personal dotfiles to manage your environment.
A validator for command line arguments.
A vector graphics editor for the web written in TypeScript with Electron.
A versatile tool for performing a variety of image manipulations on a given image.
A version of the Bash shell that runs on Windows 10.
A version of the classic arcade game Asteroids written in Rust that runs entirely in the browser.
A version of the classic arcade game Snake for the Atari 2600.
A video call and chat platform with security features that are on par with the best commercial offerings.
A video editing app for macOS that blends the best aspects of iMovie and Final Cut Pro.
A video editing tool that converts your videos into higher quality versions by using neural networks.
A video editor for the Raspberry Pi that uses the Pi’s camera module to add a green screen to your videos.
A video encoding tool that can speed up your videos and save you bandwidth.
A video game about growing your own garden and selling the produce to local grocery stores and restaurants.
A video game portal for tutorials, guides, and walkthroughs, written in Python and JavaScript.
A video game where you play as a hacker working for an elite cybersecurity firm tasked with protecting the world's most important data.
A video player and media player for the Raspberry Pi that uses ffmpeg to play videos.
A video player for Linux that can play videos from any source, on any platform, without having to install any third-party plugins.
A video player for macOS written in Python using the PyQt5 library.
A video player that allows you to watch videos on your computer without being tracked by Google or other online advertisers.
A virtual keyboard for Android written in Java.
A virtual machine for creating and distributing virtual machines.
A virtual machine for running .NET programs on the JVM.
A virtual machine for running Windows software on Linux.
A virtual machine for running a space simulator written in Rust: https://github.com/rust-computing/rust-space-sim
A virtual machine for running macOS on your Windows or Linux machine.
A virtual machine for the JVM that provides a safe environment for untrusted code written in JavaScript.
A virtual machine for the WebAssembly language, with a focus on performance.
A virtual machine manager for Windows 10 that lets you run multiple operating systems side by side.
A virtual machine manager for Windows with a modular approach that allows you to install and run different virtualization software in virtual machines.
A virtual private network service provider that can be customized to your needs.
A visual debugger for the Go programming language.
A visual editor for creating and playing custom Magic: The Gathering cards.
A visual editor for creating, designing, and editing a game all in one tool.
A visual language for creating video games, visual novels, or interactive movies, that runs in your browser.
A visual novel and dating sim game written in Python with an option to localize into other languages.
A visual programming language for building apps for the web.
A visual programming language for creating and sharing pixel art.
A visual programming language for creating music and sound.
A visual regression testing tool for Web applications written in Python.
A visual studio code extension for adding Git history to your files.
A visual tool for creating and editing Markdown files.
A visual tool for creating and editing shell scripts.
A visual tool for generating a Docker Swarm cluster from a YAML file.
A wallet for the Ethereum network that runs as an Electron app.
A watchdog that runs inside Docker containers and monitors a set of Docker health metrics.
A way to easily make text in your terminal stand out.
A way to quickly and easily generate a 3D model of a room with a smartphone.
A way to run Android apps written in Java on Chromebooks.
A way to safely run arbitrary code on your computer without the ability to read your files or inject code.
A web API built with Rust that lets you enter competitions and raffles in plain English and then returns you the results in JSON.
A web API dashboard written in Rust.
A web app for creating and editing beautiful and semi-unique digital art.
A web app for encrypting and decrypting text using the Salsa20 stream cipher.
A web app for exploring the world of vector tiles.
A web app for processing images in the style of your favorite artist.
A web app for viewing and managing your GitHub repositories.
A web app that allows users to upload a CSV file, and then creates a beautiful interactive chart out of the data.
A web app that allows you to browse the entire Wikipedia database and search it for specific strings.
A web app that allows you to create and manage your own open source projects.
A web app that helps you learn how to code in Python.
A web app that lets you easily manage your schedule and then generates a calendar that you can share with others.
A web app that lets you easily upload and share videos on the internet, with a built-in exporter for Youtube and other sites.
A web app that lets you edit and host documentation from a single-page app with a design and UX inspired by the iA Writer app.
A web app that makes it easy to find and use public APIs.
A web app to help contributors find the best issues to work on in their open source projects.
A web app written in Python that is designed to be a complete replacement for the Google Analytics dashboard.
A web application firewall for HTTP requests, written in Rust.
A web application firewall that blocks attacks and exploits.
A web application firewall written in Go.
A web application for building and hosting personal websites using static site generators.
A web application for converting an anonymous comment into a named reference that can be referenced in other documents.
A web application for creating and managing a to-do list that can be shared with your friends and co-workers.
A web application for creating and managing minimalist kanban boards.
A web application for creating and managing your Google Calendar.
A web application for creating and playing interactive, 3D scenes that can be viewed from any angle.
A web application for creating and sharing collaborative, multi-user terminal sessions.
A web application for creating and sharing interactive content (e.g. videos, presentations, etc.) with a focus on privacy and security.
A web application for creating videos with pre-made animations and backgrounds.
A web application for creating, managing, and delivering surveys.
A web application for finding and sharing open source projects based on their license.
A web application for finding and visualizing hidden information in images.
A web application for finding, creating, and sharing learning resources.
A web application for generating and displaying two-factor authentication codes.
A web application for generating random passwords.
A web application for managing an open source project, with features like an issue tracker, a wiki, and more.
A web application for managing and interacting with your cryptocurrency portfolio.
A web application for managing and viewing your cryptocurrency portfolio.
A web application for managing the documents in your company's knowledge base.
A web application for managing the firmware updates for a fleet of connected devices.
A web application for managing to-do lists backed by a database and written in the programming language of your choice.
A web application for managing your GitHub issues.
A web application for managing your Slack workspace.
A web application for managing your diabetes, backed by a community of people who understand the trials and tribulations of living with diabetes.
A web application for managing your home automation devices and services.
A web application for managing your money that is less visual than Mint and more powerful than Personal Capital.
A web application for managing your training for a sport or exercise activity.
A web application for monitoring the health and availability of your servers.
A web application for organizing and managing your to-do lists, backed by a distributed, fault-tolerant database.
A web application for viewing, sharing, and remixing images.
A web application framework for building fast, scalable, and secure web apps.
A web application that allows you to create a free website for your open source project.
A web application that allows you to create a website using only a few lines of HTML.
A web application that allows you to create and edit documents and presentations together with your friends and coworkers.
A web application that allows you to create interesting visualizations of your Twitter stream.
A web application that allows you to create your own custom, interactive, online comic books.
A web application that allows you to create, share, and save collections of media and files.
A web application that allows you to easily visualize your Google Analytics data.
A web application that converts images of barcodes to product information and reviews.
A web application that generates a readable, printable PDF of all the code you have committed to a git repository.
A web application that generates new images by mixing and editing the styles of your favorite artists.
A web application that generates the OpenGL commands and draws the scene for a 3D demo.
A web application that gives you a secure space to store, share, and backup your files.
A web application that helps you find open source projects that are looking for new contributors.
A web application that helps you keep track of your expenses and automatically categorize them.
A web application that helps you learn to code by doing little games.
A web application that lets you control your Kodi setup using your smartphone or Xbox controller.
A web application that lets you create a personal "Wikipedia" that you can share with anyone.
A web application that provides a visual interface for managing and deploying Docker containers.
A web application to create and share content around different kinds of sustainability challenges and opportunities.
A web application to help you generate random passwords and store them securely in the database.
A web application written in Swift that allows you to manage your time by tracking and visualizing how you spend your time.
A web based IDE that allows you to write and run code in your web browser without the need for any extensions.
A web based utility for creating and manipulating projects in Git repositories.
A web browser extension that automatically takes a screenshot of every page you visit.
A web browser extension that blocks web trackers and protects your privacy.
A web browser for iOS that blocks ads, tracking, and other harmful content by default.
A web browser for mobile devices that runs entirely in-browser with no installation needed.
A web browser for scientists that allows you to visualize your work on the web, share your code, and collaborate with others.
A web browser for the 21st century.
A web browser for the Android platform that uses the same rendering engine as Chrome but features a better user interface.
A web browser for the Linux command line based on Chromium.
A web browser plugin for blocking ads and third-party trackers.
A web browser that automatically blocks third-party trackers, and can block other potential privacy and security threats.
A web browser that takes all of your browsing data (cookies, extensions, history, bookmarks, etc.) and stores it in your own cloud instead of in a centralized database.
A web browser that uses AI to detect and block malicious websites.
A web browser that uses a neural network to predict what you're going to click on next.
A web browser that uses machine learning to make your browsing experience faster and more private.
A web browser with a built in screen reader.
A web browser with built-in adblock, tracker blocking, and other privacy features.
A web browser written in Rust that runs on macOS, Windows, and Linux.
A web crawler that can index websites without JavaScript, Flash, CSS, or images.
A web development stack that emphasizes simplicity, privacy, and control.
A web framework for Rust that "makes it easy to build correct web applications."
A web framework for building websites and web applications with a focus on security and simplicity.
A web framework for writing and deploying web apps with React, Redux, and React-router.
A web frontend for a self-hosted version of Mailchimp, with an easy-to-use interface for managing email lists.
A web interface for creating and running Windows 10 virtual machines on any Linux distribution.
A web interface for deploying and managing Docker containers in production.
A web interface for quickly and easily tracking your cryptocurrency portfolio, complete with charts and real-time coin prices.
A web interface for using the Hugo static site generator.
A web server designed for modular applications and minimal resource usage.
A web server for hosting static websites containing client-side JavaScript.
A web server for serving static assets over HTTPS with default and custom SSL certificates for free.
A web server for serving static websites from the command line.
A web server for writing and hosting Ruby on Rails applications without having to worry about setting up a local development environment.
A web server written in Go.
A web server written in Golang that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A web service for generating and sharing custom emoji codes.
A web service for managing your organization's email aliases.
A web service for sharing and organizing your bookmarks.
A web service that provides a platform for building and deploying online research surveys, and a tool for collecting and analyzing the results.
A web-based IDE and text editor written in JavaScript.
A web-based IDE for Julia.
A web-based IDE for Rust that runs on your browser.
A web-based IDE for building and testing web applications that run on Node.js.
A web-based IDE for creating, editing, running, and debugging Python code.
A web-based IDE for developing WordPress plugins and themes.
A web-based IDE for editing and running Julia code.
A web-based IDE for managing your personal finances.
A web-based IDE for running and monitoring your containers in production.
A web-based IDE for running online sessions of the game Fiasco.
A web-based IDE for the Julia language.
A web-based IDE for the Julia programming language that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
A web-based IDE for the Julia programming language that runs on the web browser.
A web-based IDE for the Julia programming language.
A web-based IDE for the Rust programming language.
A web-based IDE for viewing, exploring, and analyzing data.
A web-based IDE for writing JavaScript code with built-in support for running the code and live-editing the code.
A web-based IDE for writing and running C programs.
A web-based IDE for writing and running code in the Julia programming language.
A web-based IDE in the style of Atom, but backed by a microservices architecture.
A web-based IDE that lets you program online in Python or Rust.
A web-based IDE to write, run, and share code with other developers.
A web-based SSH console and terminal.
A web-based application for managing a public library with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security.
A web-based application for managing your favorite groups.
A web-based application for scheduling and managing music rehearsal sessions.
A web-based arcade game for learning to program in Python.
A web-based client for running interactive Python 3 scripts on your computer.
A web-based command line for creating, editing, and deleting users or groups in your Active Directory.
A web-based diagram editor written in React.
A web-based editor for configuring your own personal firewall.
A web-based email client that supports offline emailing and comes with built-in to-do lists, calendars, and a simple file browser.
A web-based email client with spam filtering and comprehensive keyboard shortcuts.
A web-based file manager that allows you to create, rename, move, and delete files, and to upload and download files to and from Amazon S3.
A web-based game development environment.
A web-based game of Tic Tac Toe with artificial intelligence.
A web-based game where the objective is to learn the programming language Lua.
A web-based graphical front-end for managing a fleet of Raspberry Pi computers.
A web-based interface for viewing and interacting with your computer’s sensors.
A web-based note-taking tool for developers of all skill levels.
A web-based text editor that runs in the browser and saves its files directly to GitHub.
A web-based tool for building and hosting static websites.
A web-based tool for collecting and organizing your notes.
A web-based tool for converting a directory structure into a Markdown file.
A web-based tool for creating and deploying WordPress sites with a focus on usability and developer experience.
A web-based tool for creating interactive and collaborative visualizations of large geospatial datasets.
A web-based tool for creating, customizing, and sharing color palettes.
A web-based tool for diagnosing and fixing broken links on a website.
A web-based tool for generating and testing passwords.
A web-based tool for managing the security of your open source software projects.
A web-based tool for managing your GitHub issues.
A web-based tool for managing your team's issues on GitHub.
A web-based tool for performing static analysis and reverse engineering of compiled C and C++ binaries.
A web-based version of Gmail built in React and Redux that supports most of the same features.
A web-based version of the classic DOS game, Mastermind.
A web-based version of the popular board game Settlers of Catan.
A web-based, self-hosted version of the Trello collaboration tool that uses the Trello API.
A web-based, self-hosted version of the iTunes Music Store.
A web-based, social microblogging platform with end-to-end encryption.
A website dedicated to teaching you how to develop new web applications.
A website for searching and discovering open source projects.
A website for sharing and discovering free and open art and design resources.
A website for sharing and managing the data from your self-hosted services.
A website for tracking the open source projects you've contributed to, and finding projects you'd like to contribute to.
A website that allows users to share their ideas about how to make the world a better place.
A website that allows you to create an online presentation that looks like a PowerPoint deck but is actually powered by a static HTML website that you host yourself.
A website that allows you to post pro-tips for any task or activity.
A website that automatically generates machine-readable versions of all the privacy policies you visit.
A website that collects and analyzes data about open source project activity and makes the data available for free, optionally providing free hosting for projects that don't have a home.
A website that creates a new, unique, and memorable name for every website you visit.
A website that generates and maintains a collection of open source projects and makes them easy to contribute to.
A website that gives you access to a variety of unique web-based programming environments, such as T-Engine, which was developed by a Japanese game company.
A website that helps you find the best open source projects to contribute to, based on your skills and interests.
A website that recommends open source projects and collects money and donations for them.
A website that teaches developers how to use the Automation API to automate various tasks.
A website that teaches you how to build a machine learning model using the MLKit library.
A website to host and share open source projects.
A website where you can compare two GitHub repositories and see how they're different.
A website where you can upload files to the cloud and then share links to those files with others.
A website with a list of all the open source projects that have been released on GitHub, with a stream of new releases as they happen.
A website/app for showing off your personal projects, with a chat room for discussing them.
A wrapper around the Linux top utility that allows for more complex and customizable reporting.
A “clone” of the PeepCode mentoring website for programming videos and books.
A “smart” wifi router similar to the Google OnHub router that runs Linux and can be configured and monitored via a web interface.
A “typing game” that teaches children to type by using real text and images from the internet.
An AI framework for creating chatbots for Discord and Slack.
An API for monitoring your website uptime and downtime and notifying you via email, SMS, or Slack.
An API framework for machine learning models.
An API to automatically detect and block abusive users on your website.
An AUR helper for pacman written in Rust.
An Android app that can generate a QR code for any code snippet written in JavaScript, Python, Ruby, and Java.
An Android library for generating 2D animations from a set of images.
An Arduino library for creating hardware that sends serial commands to Chromium.
An Arduino-based game controller for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
An Educational Programming Language for teaching the basics of programming and computer science.
An Electron-based desktop application that makes it easy to access your data stored on Google Cloud.
An HTML5 game development prototyping tool with a built-in debugger.
An HTML5-based cross-platform mobile development framework.
An HTML5-based visual programming language with a variety of graphical user interface widgets.
An HTTP and HTTPS proxy for browsing the web with privacy and security.
An HTTP reverse proxy written in Go.
An HTTP tunnel to securely send and receive traffic from the Internet through a firewall.
An IDE built on top of the open source Visual Studio Code editor.
An IDE for building applications on the Blockstack platform.
An IDE for building apps for the RISC-V architecture that runs on Windows, Linux, and macOS.
An IDE for building mobile apps with React Native.
An IDE for learning Rust that includes a set of challenges users must solve in order to get to the next level.
An IDE for programming in your favorite markup language.
An IDE for the Python programming language that's built around JetBrains' PyCharm code editor and uses IPython as its shell.
An IDE for the R language that can detect and fix common programming errors.
An IDE for writing and running a neural network in C.
An IDE for writing and running tests in R.
An IPFS-based alternative to Pastebin.
An Internet-enabled fridge with a voice assistant and touch screen.
An IoT platform for building distributed, secure, and resilient applications.
An OAuth library for the Go programming language.
An OS X library that lets you create beautiful and useful animations with a few lines of code.
An Objective-C wrapper around the excellent 3D graphics engine used in Unity.
An Open Source Alternative to Stripe that focuses on providing a simple API for accepting payments.
An OpenCL-powered, partially open source, GPU-accelerated password cracker.
An RTS game engine written in Rust.
An S3-compatible object store written in Go that allows you to access your data from anywhere in the world.
An XMPP chat client written in Python.
An all-in-one open source internet privacy suite for Mac and Windows that includes the Tor Browser, a secure proxy, a secure messaging client, an encrypted cloud storage client, and an encrypted instant messaging client.
An all-in-one tool for securely managing passwords, credit cards, SSH keys, and more.
An alternative operating system for the Raspberry Pi that uses the Wayland display server instead of X11.
An alternative to Docker that provides containers that are more lightweight and secure.
An alternative to the Facebook and Google login buttons that respects users' privacy and can be easily embedded on any website.
An alternative to the Google Play Store for Android that doesn't require Google's servers.
An alternative to the default Windows command shell with tab completion and many other useful features.
An alternative to the standard C library that works on a multitude of different architectures and systems.
An animated ASCII art generator.
An app for measuring your heart rate with your phone's camera.
An app for taking notes, saving articles, and writing quick messages that runs on iOS and Android.
An application for automatically generating a website from a plain text file.
An application for browsing and downloading stock photos.
An application for creating and managing a list of tasks for projects you're working on, along with a section for notes, and an area for your todos for the day.
An application for developing and running machine learning models in your browser.
An application for generating music using a recurrent neural network.
An application for replicating the functionality of a Chromecast on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
An application framework for building cross-platform desktop applications with a JavaScript-like syntax.
An application that enables you to add a software “dashboard” to the desktop or taskbar of your Windows computer.
An application that uses the new speech-to-text APIs for Android to convert voice recordings to text.
An application that uses word embeddings to help you write better.
An asynchronous, non-blocking web server written in Python.
An audio editor for Linux that can be controlled entirely using a game controller.
An aural interface for the command line.
An automated system for rebuilding the Windows 7, 8.1, and 10 ISO images from the original Microsoft sources.
An automated system for setting up and deploying a new server with Docker containers in just a few minutes.
An automated testing and code quality tool for server-side Swift written in Swift.
An automatic video transcoder that converts YouTube videos into any format you want.
An easily deployable self-hosted version of Heroku, OpenShift, or AWS Lambda that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
An easy to use CLI library for working with dates and times in JavaScript.
An easy-to-use API for verifying a user’s phone number without an SMS message.
An easy-to-use machine learning library for JavaScript that aims to bring neural networks to the masses.
An easy-to-use offline-first, zero-configuration web server for developers and first responders.
An easy-to-use web application for encrypting files and sharing them with others.
An educational game about the history of quantum computing and quantum communication.
An educational robot that can be controlled through a web interface or Python scripts.
An electronic medical record management system for doctors and their patients.
An email client that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
An email client that works without a central mail server.
An email service provider that uses end-to-end encryption and can be hosted on your own servers.
An emoji-only chat application.
An emulator for the SEGA Master System to run on mobile devices.
An encrypted alternative to Slack that doesn't require a third-party server.
An encrypted, self-hosted, always-up-to-date, web-based todo list.
An enterprise grade blockchain platform that’s backed by a foundation, not a for-profit company, and governed by an open source community.
An event-driven programming framework for Node.js.
An experimental implementation of the SHA-3 cryptographic hash function written in Rust.
An extension for the Google Chrome browser that lets you take screenshots of web pages.
An iOS app for downloading videos from Facebook and Instagram and converting them to MP4 files on your device.
An iOS app for monitoring a home server that supports SSH, HTTP, and FTP.
An iOS app that allows you to scan your face into a 3D model.
An iOS application that uses the iBeacon protocol to communicate with nearby iOS devices.
An image editor with a focus on usability with a clean, modern, and easy-to-use interface.
An image editor written in Python using the Pygame library.
An image processing library in JavaScript with support for a wide range of image formats and built-in image enhancement filters.
An implementation of the HTTP/2 protocol for the Go language.
An installable, open source alternative to the MacOS Dock, written in Python using the Tkinter library.
An installer for the latest version of macOS that can be imported to Virtualbox and run on Windows, Linux, or macOS.
An instant messaging service for privacy-minded people that doesn't suck.
An integrated development environment for programming Python microcontrollers.
An interactive Git client for the terminal.
An interactive command line for exploring JavaScript objects.
An interactive emulator for the Nintendo DS that runs directly in your browser.
An interactive simulator for modeling and analyzing the behavior of cellular automata.
An interactive story written in Python using the Twine story editor.
An interactive terminal-based user interface for the Git version control system.
An interactive tool for creating new JavaScript modules and packages.
An interactive tool for exploring the structure of a Git repository.
An interactive tool that displays the frequency with which characters appear in the English language, and then allows you to play with the distribution of characters and words.
An interactive web app that uses a neural net to learn what physical objects are in an image so you don’t have to type in the names yourself.
An interactive web application for visualizing and quantifying your personal data and tracking progress toward your goals.
An interactive web-based shell for running Linux commands in a browser.
An interactive web-based tool for editing Dockerfiles.
An interactive, distributed, open-source platform for exploring public and private datasets.
An interactive, graphical shell for managing containers on a Kubernetes cluster.
An interactive, non-linear step-by-step tutorial that teaches you how to use the Linux command line to do common tasks.
An interactive, online, decentralized version of the classic Snake game.
An interactive, open source web app for generating random names for your characters, species, and planets.
An interactive, touch-friendly, terminal-based, file manager for macOS.
An internet service that lets you run queries and receive results securely over the Tor network.
An online IDE for blockchain app development where you can develop apps, test them, and publish them all through the same platform.
An online IDE for writing and running TypeScript code.
An online backup application for storing files on a remote server and sharing them with others.
An online chat application that uses a neural network to generate original conversations.
An online code editor with syntax highlighting, code completion, and an API explorer, all backed by a big community of volunteer testers.
An online community for sharing and discussing personal data with your friends, family, and co-workers.
An online course for teaching algorithmic trading.
An online fast food ordering service that uses OpenAI's GPT-2 model to generate recipes.
An online game to teach developers how to read and write Rust code.
An online music streaming app that offers unlimited listening for $10 a month.
An online platform for hosting and sharing your automated tests.
An online source code collaboration tool that uses a decentralized peer-to-peer network to keep your data secure.
An online tool for converting videos to animated GIFs with a variety of settings and filters.
An online tool for exploring 3D models by using the computer mouse to move a camera around.
An online tool for finding the optimal opening move in a chess game.
An online tool for generating color palettes that match a given photo.
An online tool for helping people find out if their ISP is doing anything shady.
An online tool for managing the availability of your servers and services.
An online tool for organizing your GitHub repositories, teams, and issues.
An online tool for testing the security of your passwords.
An online tool for visualizing your Facebook network.
An online version of the well-known game 2048.
An open source .NET code coverage tool.
An open source 2D game engine for making retro-style platformers.
An open source 3D platform game written in Python that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
An open source API that tells you whether your website has been banned from Google.
An open source AWS-like service for hosting applications.
An open source Amazon Alexa-like home automation system.
An open source Android alternative to the Google Play Store.
An open source Android and iOS app for tracking your cryptocurrency investments.
An open source Android app for reading Hacker News on the go.
An open source Android client for Signal.
An open source Arduino compatible microcontroller written in Rust.
An open source Bitcoin block explorer with a focus on search functionality and ease of use.
An open source CLI for creating and modifying text files.
An open source CLI tool for building and deploying iOS apps on a local Mac.
An open source CLI tool for composing and managing the deployment of infrastructure as code.
An open source CRM built on top of Salesforce, which will allow you to migrate your data to and from the Salesforce platform.
An open source CloudFormation template for setting up an AWS Lambda function for using with Alexa Skills.
An open source Dropbox-style file sharing service that uses peer-to-peer technology to keep your data private and secure.
An open source ETL framework for migrating a database from one cloud provider to another.
An open source Ethereum wallet.
An open source GitHub alternative that focuses on collaboration through peer review and invites developers to help each other improve code.
An open source Go library for writing Markdown-enabled HTML documents.
An open source Google Analytics alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source HTTP analytics platform for gathering and analyzing data about web performance.
An open source IDE for Python development on Mac, Linux, and Windows.
An open source IDE for Rust that supports plugins, autocompletion, syntax highlighting, code completion, and more.
An open source IDE for building applications with the Go programming language and the Hugo static site generator.
An open source IDE for developing games for the Nintendo Switch.
An open source IDE for developing in Rust.
An open source IDE for editing remote files, backed by a huge community of volunteer testers.
An open source IDE for the Pico-8 game engine.
An open source Irc bouncer that uses WebSockets and runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
An open source JVM that runs on ARM-powered devices like the Raspberry Pi, BeagleBone Black, and PocketBeagle.
An open source JavaScript framework that helps you build fast, high-quality interactive websites.
An open source JavaScript library that lets you query the Github API to find useful information about your projects.
An open source Kubernetes cluster deployment for high-performance computing.
An open source Kubernetes project that allows you to roll your own.
An open source MacOS X framework for building desktop applications that run on both OS X and Windows.
An open source Minecraft clone that runs in the browser and works on mobile devices.
An open source Nintendo emulator for Windows, macOS, and Linux written in Java.
An open source OS X clone that runs on a Raspberry Pi and can dual-boot to macOS.
An open source OS for the Raspberry Pi 3+ that lets you run a full desktop Linux operating system and a custom kernel.
An open source PowerShell module to perform network forensics.
An open source SDK for developing augmented reality and computer vision applications for iOS and Android.
An open source Slack alternative for private communication within your organization.
An open source Slack alternative that's not shitty and respects your privacy.
An open source Slack alternative.
An open source Slack client for Linux, Mac, and Windows.
An open source Slack client for Linux.
An open source Slack clone that lets you use your own domain name and keep your data on your own servers.
An open source Slack clone written in Elixir.
An open source Slack competitor that would be more secure, open, free, and customizable.
An open source Slack-like chat service that encrypts all of your data and communications end-to-end.
An open source Snapchat with customizable privacy controls, no ads, and no data mining.
An open source Swift IDE for Linux.
An open source Twitter alternative with an emphasis on privacy, security, and freedom.
An open source Twitter alternative written in Python.
An open source Twitter client for Android that's super fast and customizable.
An open source Twitter client written in C++.
An open source WebGL game engine.
An open source WordPress theme that looks great on all devices and automatically adapts to any screen size or resolution.
An open source alternative for installing and managing software on Windows 10.
An open source alternative to Adobe Acrobat.
An open source alternative to Amazon Web Services Lambda.
An open source alternative to Apple's Swift Playgrounds interactive coding environment.
An open source alternative to Apple's Watch app for Pebble watches.
An open source alternative to Apple's Xcode.
An open source alternative to Apple’s FaceTime that runs on Linux and supports screen sharing and video calls with other people on different operating systems.
An open source alternative to Apple’s Xcode for building macOS and iOS mobile apps.
An open source alternative to Auth0 with a focus on serverless, easy integration, and a simple API.
An open source alternative to Bluemix that you can run on your own servers.
An open source alternative to Coursera, Udacity, and EdX, that makes studying at home more accessible to everyone.
An open source alternative to Docker that runs on your own servers.
An open source alternative to Dropbox built in Haskell.
An open source alternative to Dropbox that offers a far more secure, decentralized solution for storing your data.
An open source alternative to Evernote written in Python.
An open source alternative to Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
An open source alternative to FiraCode for programming the Arduino microcontroller.
An open source alternative to GameMaker.
An open source alternative to Git that has a more efficient data storage format and better support for large files.
An open source alternative to GitHub Enterprise written in Go.
An open source alternative to GitHub Issues that can be self-hosted.
An open source alternative to GitHub Issues that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source alternative to GitHub Pages that lets you self-host your static websites.
An open source alternative to GitHub that offers unlimited private repositories, no forced public releases, and a decentralized model for funding open source.
An open source alternative to Github for storing and managing your projects.
An open source alternative to Github.
An open source alternative to Google Docs that uses Elasticsearch for document search instead of Google's search engine.
An open source alternative to Google Docs.
An open source alternative to Google Forms that's self-hosted.
An open source alternative to Google Forms.
An open source alternative to Google Mail, Calendar, Docs, and more.
An open source alternative to Google’s Material Design Lite that can be used to build any kind of website.
An open source alternative to LastPass that uses a decentralized model and does not rely on a trusted third party.
An open source alternative to MacOS Catalina or High Sierra on Virtualbox.
An open source alternative to Microsoft PowerPoint.
An open source alternative to Minecraft written in Python.
An open source alternative to Salesforce that supports multiple cloud platforms and is written in open source languages.
An open source alternative to Selenium for recording and playing back user actions and browsing the web on various platforms.
An open source alternative to Slack and Telegram that uses end-to-end encryption to make your conversations private.
An open source alternative to Slack that prioritizes user privacy.
An open source alternative to Slack that provides end-to-end encryption, is free of ads and tracking, and is highly customizable.
An open source alternative to Slack that runs on your own servers, with built-in logging, archiving, and support for multiple teams.
An open source alternative to Slack with end-to-end encryption, a high level of control, and optional self-hosting.
An open source alternative to Slack, built on top of Matrix.
An open source alternative to Slack.
An open source alternative to Stripe that provides many of the same payment processing features, written in JavaScript.
An open source alternative to TeamViewer written in Python.
An open source alternative to Trello, built with React, Redux, and Webpack.
An open source alternative to TurboTax that uses machine learning to automatically generate your taxes.
An open source alternative to VLC media player.
An open source alternative to iTunes for playing music on the desktop.
An open source alternative to platform-as-a-service tools like Heroku that's designed for building highly scalable applications.
An open source alternative to student information systems that can be used by small groups of teachers.
An open source alternative to the AWS Management Console.
An open source alternative to the AWS Marketplace.
An open source alternative to the AWS SDK for Python.
An open source alternative to the Adobe Creative Cloud suite of design applications.
An open source alternative to the Apple Watch that runs on a Raspberry Pi and provides many of the same features.
An open source alternative to the Datadog monitoring service with a focus on simplicity.
An open source alternative to the Dropcam home monitoring camera.
An open source alternative to the Evernote Web Clipper written in JavaScript.
An open source alternative to the Expensify and Receipt Bank expense reporting tools.
An open source alternative to the GitHub Issues feature.
An open source alternative to the GitHub issue tracker.
An open source alternative to the Google Analytics JavaScript tracking code.
An open source alternative to the Google Cloud Platform that's free, scalable, and highly available.
An open source alternative to the Google Drive client written in React.
An open source alternative to the Google Maps API that keeps your data private.
An open source alternative to the Google Maps API.
An open source alternative to the Google News API.
An open source alternative to the Google Play Store that allows users to install APKs manually.
An open source alternative to the Google Play Store that allows you to install Android applications without an account and doesn't collect your data.
An open source alternative to the IBM Bluemix cloud platform.
An open source alternative to the Jekyll static site generator.
An open source alternative to the Microsoft Bot Framework that allows you to create chat bots and integrate them with a variety of services.
An open source alternative to the Mixpanel analytics platform.
An open source alternative to the Netflix app that runs on iOS and Android.
An open source alternative to the Python requests library.
An open source alternative to the Slack chat application.
An open source alternative to the Slack chat client written in JavaScript with a focus on security, privacy, and productivity.
An open source alternative to the Status.net server that can be run on your own server.
An open source alternative to the Stripe payments API.
An open source alternative to the Trello project management tool.
An open source alternative to the Twilio API that uses end-to-end encryption to protect the privacy of your messages.
An open source alternative to the Uber API written in Node.js.
An open source alternative to the Unity game engine that is designed around web technologies.
An open source alternative to the Windows control panel.
An open source alternative to the XCode IDE.
An open source alternative to the commercial software, Sentry, that offers many of the same features.
An open source alternative to the dashboard of the Tesla Model S.
An open source alternative to the default MacOS mail app.
An open source alternative to the macOS Status Bar.
An open source alternative to the macOS Terminal app.
An open source alternative to the pagerank algorithm.
An open source alternative to the popular deep learning framework TensorFlow.
An open source alternative to the popular online virus scanning service VirusTotal.
An open source alternative to the popular smartphone photo-sharing app.
An open source alternative to the popular video game engine Unity.
An open source alternative to the proprietary Dropbox desktop client for Linux.
An open source alternative to the standard Android keyboard.
An open source an encrypted messenger app for people who have privacy concerns about WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, and other popular messengers.
An open source and decentralized alternative to LinkedIn that allows you to keep your data on your own servers.
An open source and self-hosted alternative to GitHub for private code repositories.
An open source and self-hosted alternative to Google Calendar.
An open source and self-hosted alternative to Google's Hangouts, with video meetings, screen sharing, voice calls, and more.
An open source and self-hosted version of the Onedrive file syncing service.
An open source animated emoji generator written in Python.
An open source anti-virus for Windows that uses a neural network for detection.
An open source app for managing your GitHub issues and pull requests.
An open source application for HomeKit that runs on Linux and Raspberry Pi.
An open source application for designing and managing Todo lists with a focus on usability, simplicity, and fun.
An open source application for managing a group of software projects and their dependencies.
An open source application for managing a podcast.
An open source application for practicing your typing skills.
An open source application for storing, managing, and sharing software development ideas using the git version control system.
An open source application that converts a live audio stream from the microphone into a MIDI-like sequence of notes.
An open source application that makes it easy to program your own NFC tags.
An open source artificial intelligence framework for building chatbots and other web applications with natural language processing.
An open source bookmark manager that can index local files for easy searching.
An open source botnet designed for fun and education.
An open source browser designed to protect your privacy.
An open source browser with an ad-blocking web view that won't track you.
An open source build system for building native desktop apps with C++.
An open source chat client that's designed to protect your privacy and security.
An open source client-server system for building online communities with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security.
An open source clone of Mojang’s Minecraft, written in Rust and Python.
An open source clone of Slack that is serverless and easy to run on your own servers.
An open source clone of the Angular Material design system.
An open source clone of the Apple TV.
An open source clone of the Google Sheets spreadsheet application for Linux.
An open source clone of the Microsoft Azure cloud platform.
An open source clone of the Microsoft Office suite.
An open source clone of the Siri personal assistant for Mac.
An open source clone of the Sony Playstation 1.
An open source clone of the Trello project management tool.
An open source clone of the Unity game engine.
An open source clone of the VLC media player.
An open source clone of the classic computer game, NetHack.
An open source clone of the infamous Game Boy emulator VisualBoyAdvance.
An open source clone of the late Meebo Bar, written in C# and .NET Core.
An open source clone of the old SimCity Classic.
An open source clone of the popular /r/place competition.
An open source clone of the popular HBO series Silicon Valley.
An open source clone of the popular PlayStation game, Spyro the Dragon.
An open source clone of the popular SubredditSimulator.com website.
An open source clone of the popular Trello project management tool.
An open source clone of the popular iOS game Threes.
An open source clone of the popular online game Agar.io.
An open source clone of the venerable Tomcat web server, written in Java.
An open source clone of the “Jetsons” game, written in Python.
An open source cloud computing platform with a focus on security, performance, and ease of use.
An open source cloud database that keeps your information private and secure while being flexible and scalable.
An open source cloud platform that provides a unified interface for your private, public, and hosted clouds.
An open source cluster manager and scheduler for HPC-like workloads.
An open source code editor that supports Python, Java, C, JavaScript, TypeScript, and more.
An open source command line client for the DuckDuckGo search engine.
An open source command line tool for automatically generating documentation for your code that is hosted on GitHub.
An open source command line tool for converting a CSV file into a JSON object.
An open source command line tool for taking screenshots of websites and generating a PDF of them.
An open source command line tool that encrypts files with a password.
An open source competitor to the popular paid service Zapier.
An open source computer-vision-based video editor for Instagram-style videos.
An open source cross-platform IDE for developing machine learning models using TensorFlow.
An open source cryptography library written in Rust.
An open source custom Linux distribution for defending against advanced threats.
An open source data analysis tool with a focus on exploratory data analysis, interactive visualizations, and reproducible research.
An open source database for saving and sharing analytical results.
An open source database that provides full relational capabilities and high availability.
An open source database that works with PostgreSQL, MySQL, and SQLite.
An open source database that’s optimized for storing and querying log data from network devices and servers.
An open source decentralized microblogging web app that can be hosted by anyone.
An open source desktop app for managing your favorite GitHub repos.
An open source desktop application for managing your digital media.
An open source desktop application for managing your serverless functions, written in Python.
An open source desktop application for organizing your recipes into a database.
An open source desktop application for writing and publishing blog posts.
An open source development environment for building native-like mobile apps on Android using Java and JavaScript.
An open source development environment that allows you to program your own electronics.
An open source development tool for building React-based user interfaces, using a declarative syntax and a virtual DOM.
An open source device that you can use to remotely control your PC.
An open source digital currency exchange written in Python.
An open source email client for iOS that uses IMAP to sync email from your Gmail, Outlook.com, or Yahoo account.
An open source email client that focuses on privacy and usability, using the Electron framework on top of the Thunderbird email platform.
An open source email client with a focus on security and privacy.
An open source email client with a focus on user privacy.
An open source emulation of the classic Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) video game console.
An open source emulator for the Nintendo Entertainment System written in Rust.
An open source equivalent to the official macOS Terminal.app app.
An open source financial software suite for accountants and bookkeepers that includes invoicing, accounting, and double-entry bookkeeping.
An open source firewall that runs on Linux and supports iptables, pf, and nftables.
An open source framework for building a CLI tool with user-friendly features like auto-completion, syntax highlighting, and more.
An open source framework for building a chatbot using the Telegram API.
An open source framework for building a next-generation web browser.
An open source framework for building a platform for crowd-sourced telemetry, with the goal of being able to track the health of the entire network from a single machine.
An open source framework for building a scalable, secure, and fault-tolerant runtime for web applications.
An open source framework for building and deploying chatbots.
An open source framework for building and training neural networks.
An open source framework for building blockchain-based applications.
An open source framework for building enterprise-grade applications in Java.
An open source framework for building games using the Godot game engine.
An open source framework for building interactive, hackable dashboards for your servers.
An open source framework for building next generation machine learning models.
An open source framework for building reactive applications on Android.
An open source framework for building reactive web UIs, written in Python.
An open source framework for building real-time web applications with a focus on usability, security, and control.
An open source framework for building self-hosted, privacy-respecting social networks.
An open source framework for building “smart homes”.
An open source framework for creating chatbots and voice assistants that is backed by a huge community of volunteer testers.
An open source framework for creating serverless applications and web services with AWS Lambda.
An open source framework for writing Slack bots.
An open source framework for writing distributed applications in C++.
An open source framework for writing serverless apps in Python.
An open source framework for writing, testing, and deploying serverless applications.
An open source full-stack framework for building rich, interactive websites with Python, Django, and React.
An open source game based on the popular board game King of Tokyo, for 2-6 players.
An open source game creation platform that anyone can use to make games.
An open source game development platform that allows you to author and publish games in a variety of formats.
An open source game engine developed by the creators of the Cube 2: Sauerbraten game.
An open source game engine for 2D games that runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
An open source game engine for 3D multiplayer games.
An open source game engine for building 2D and 3D games in Lua.
An open source game engine for building 2D games with HTML5 and WebGL.
An open source game engine for building interactive web applications in JavaScript.
An open source game engine for creating 2D games with a focus on fast, native performance.
An open source game engine for creating 2D platformers with a focus on usability, accessibility, and cross-platform support.
An open source game engine for developing 2D and 3D games using the C++ programming language.
An open source game engine for writing 2D games in JavaScript.
An open source game engine reimplementation of Doom for learning about game development.
An open source game engine that enables you to create high-quality 2D games using JavaScript.
An open source game engine written in C++ and OpenGL.
An open source game engine written in C++ that supports 4D and 5D graphics and runs on Linux, Mac, and Windows.
An open source game engine written in C++ with a Lua scripting API.
An open source game engine written in C++ with a focus on cross-platform support.
An open source game engine written in Rust.
An open source game engine written in Swift that lets you write games for macOS and iOS.
An open source game server browser for Minecraft on Linux.
An open source game written in Python that teaches you how to program by guiding you through making a game from scratch.
An open source guide to developing, deploying, and maintaining chatbots.
An open source hack-and-slash game inspired by games like Diablo and Zelda.
An open source hardware and firmware implementation of the Nintendo Game Boy, written in C.
An open source hardware platform for building networked, programmable, sensor-driven robots.
An open source implementation of Google AdSense for publishers that functions as a standalone, self-hosted server but is also integrated into a number of CMSs and blogging platforms.
An open source implementation of Google’s Page Speed Insights tool.
An open source implementation of Seesaw, a general-purpose, asynchronous, and efficient load balancer for Web servers.
An open source implementation of TensorFlow with a focus on making it easier to build, test, and deploy.
An open source implementation of a full-stack Web application framework for building high-quality, scalable, secure Web applications.
An open source implementation of the AWS Lambda serverless service based on the Rust programming language.
An open source implementation of the Apple AirPlay protocol.
An open source implementation of the DownThemAll! Firefox extension.
An open source implementation of the GitLab EE API.
An open source implementation of the HTML5 Boilerplate template with support for the latest JavaScript standards.
An open source implementation of the HTTP/2 protocol.
An open source implementation of the Linux kernel for Windows 10.
An open source implementation of the Nintendo Switch emulator.
An open source implementation of the Parity Ethereum client.
An open source implementation of the Sia decentralized cloud storage platform.
An open source implementation of the Tor protocol for the purpose of providing privacy and anonymity on the internet.
An open source implementation of the World Wide Web Consortium’s Guidelines for Web Content Transformation Services.
An open source implementation of the asynchronous communication patterns used by the Laravel framework.
An open source initiative to fix the privacy issues with the Facebook SDK for Unity.
An open source instant messaging server client written in Go.
An open source interface for Git that allows your team to manage all your repositories from one place.
An open source label printing library for use with the Brother P-touch label maker.
An open source layer 2 solution for Ethereum.
An open source library for biometric authentication that provides a common API for over 70 different sensor types.
An open source library for building and training neural networks.
An open source library for building desktop applications with a focus on usability and accessibility.
An open source library for building hybrid apps with webview components.
An open source library for building productivity apps with a unique, minimal, and beautiful user interface.
An open source library for building web applications using the Vue.js framework.
An open source library for building web apps with a focus on security and privacy.
An open source library for calculating the smallest possible web page for a given set of assets, and providing tools to help you optimize your website.
An open source library for converting an animated GIF into an interactive program.
An open source library for converting your car into a self-driving vehicle, backed by a huge community of volunteer testers.
An open source library for converting your car into a self-driving vehicle, where you need to build everything yourself.
An open source library for creating VR worlds with Python and ThreeJS.
An open source library for creating a shared whiteboard on your local network.
An open source library for creating and verifying digital signatures based on elliptic curve cryptography.
An open source library for creating interactive real time graphics with the HTML5 canvas element.
An open source library for creating reactive, fast web applications.
An open source library for detecting and preventing malicious users from accessing your site through a variety of methods.
An open source library for detecting, extracting, and working with media metadata.
An open source library for exploring the space of possible game designs and the tradeoffs they make.
An open source library for face detection in Node.js.
An open source library for loading and saving data using the SQLite database format.
An open source library for measuring and monitoring the performance of your Python code.
An open source library for monitoring background tasks in Windows (written in C#).
An open source library for offline programming. Take your code offline and edit it while disconnected.
An open source library for quickly writing functions in JavaScript using a syntax similar to Python.
An open source library for supporting user-driven customization and modification of self-driving cars.
An open source library for training and evaluating deep learning models.
An open source library for using a computer’s sensors to detect if someone is present in a room.
An open source library for using deep learning models trained in Caffe or TensorFlow from Python.
An open source library for writing integration tests for Node.js.
An open source library that adds a lot of extra functionality to the browser.
An open source library that allows you to model a user interface in a declarative way, and convert it to a variety of GUI toolkits.
An open source license compliance solution that can help you avoid legal trouble when using open source software.
An open source machine learning and data science job board.
An open source marketplace for software and services.
An open source messaging app that is encrypted end-to-end, fully decentralized, and works on mobile devices, desktops, and the web.
An open source messaging platform that makes it easier to communicate and share experiences with others.
An open source microblogging platform that is free of ads and tracking.
An open source multi-tenant database that can be used as a replacement for MongoDB.
An open source multiplayer game server for Minecraft written in Go.
An open source multiplayer game server for your favorite 2D game that turns it into a real-time, online, cross-platform experience.
An open source network link analyzer that is capable of monitoring multiple links and has a strong focus on ease-of-use and customizability.
An open source network simulator and API gateway for running Neo4j on Kubernetes.
An open source network simulator for researching next-generation 5G networks.
An open source neural network profiler.
An open source neural network written in Python that can be used to play the popular game Adventure Quest.
An open source online judge for programming competitions.
An open source operating system based on Arch Linux.
An open source operating system for Internet of Things (IoT) devices.
An open source operating system for IoT devices that runs on the Raspberry Pi and other devices.
An open source operating system for Raspberry Pi, credit card-sized computers, and other embedded devices.
An open source operating system for the HP-48GX calculator that supports running native programs.
An open source operating system for the IoT that allows for easy development, deployment, and management of IoT devices.
An open source operating system for the Nintendo Switch.
An open source operating system for the RISC-V architecture.
An open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is designed to be simple to use and easy to customize.
An open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as macOS, including the ability to run as an application in a macOS virtual machine.
An open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers many of the same features as macOS.
An open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that offers the same features as macOS.
An open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer.
An open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi that provides a desktop environment and a windowing system.
An open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi that replaces the default desktop environment with a lightweight window manager.
An open source operating system for the Raspberry Pi.
An open source operating system for the Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch that lets you run Android apps and other software side-by-side with the default apps.
An open source operating system for the car that runs on a Raspberry Pi 3.
An open source operating system that runs in a virtual machine inside of macOS.
An open source operating system that runs on Raspberry Pi devices and provides a rich set of developer tools for building applications.
An open source operating system with a user interface that's designed for power users.
An open source package manager for macOS with support for Homebrew, MacPorts, and Linuxbrew packages.
An open source peer-to-peer cryptocurrency built on the Cryptonote protocol.
An open source personal finance tool, with a focus on reporting and compliance.
An open source phone plan that gives you total control over your data.
An open source platform for allowing anyone to create their own personal cloud.
An open source platform for building customized voice-based experiences such as voice assistants and smart home automation.
An open source platform for building learning machines.
An open source platform for building online communities with a focus on privacy, anonymity, and security.
An open source platform for helping people learn how to code.
An open source platform for managing your Slack team’s workflows using GitHub issues.
An open source platform for running Python code from the web without the need for a Python interpreter.
An open source platform that allows you to create a website that’s powered by open source software.
An open source plug-in for Microsoft Excel that allows you to use SQL to query and manipulate Excel data.
An open source plugin for Atom that auto-generates a directory of links to all of your open source projects.
An open source port of the classic LucasArts adventure game The Secret of Monkey Island.
An open source portal that provides an API for designing 3D objects using the power of CSS.
An open source program for running automated performance tests against your web application.
An open source program that simulates a fire in your living room to help you learn how to respond to one.
An open source program that uses reinforcement learning to generate music by playing around with its parameters.
An open source program to help you learn how to draw.
An open source programming language designed for simplicity and fun, with initial applications in web development.
An open source programming language designed specifically for creating games that can be compiled to run across multiple platforms.
An open source programming language for creating applications that make it easy to get things done. It features a powerful internal language for scripting and an expressive, friendly API that will feel familiar to users of JavaScript.
An open source programming language that lets you write code in the style of mathematical notation.
An open source programming language that offers the performance of C with the ease-of-use of Python.
An open source programming language with a focus on accessibility, safety, and concurrency.
An open source programming textbook that teaches by solving interesting programming challenges.
An open source project for a fully open-sourced, customizable home automation system.
An open source project for building a new content management system that is easier to learn than WordPress and simpler than Drupal.
An open source project for building a virtual machine for the RISC-V instruction set architecture.
An open source project for creating a decentralized file storage system for the web.
An open source project for creating a macOS application for measuring the speed of your Internet connection.
An open source project for designing and building a new programming language.
An open source project for developing a new operating system for the Raspberry Pi microcomputer that is more usable, more reliable, and more secure than macOS.
An open source project for learning and teaching the fundamentals of computer science.
An open source project for running a chat server for a Slack-like team communication platform.
An open source project management app that combines Kanban with agile project management.
An open source project management application with a focus on usability and privacy.
An open source project management framework based on Pivotal Tracker.
An open source project management tool that helps your team keep track of their work and stay organized.
An open source project management tool that integrates with GitHub issues.
An open source project that allows the creation of 3D models using only ASCII characters.
An open source project that makes it easy to configure a server with your favorite software applications.
An open source project to build a better email client.
An open source project to build a crowdfunded satellite.
An open source project to build a cryptocurrency exchange for Ethereum tokens.
An open source project to build an interactive nationwide map of America’s solar energy potential.
An open source project to create a JavaScript Lint-style tool for Python.
An open source project to create a new standard for how web applications should be developed and managed.
An open source project to create a new, more flexible, and more widely used programming language.
An open source project to help people build and maintain an open source project of their own.
An open source project to port Android to the Web.
An open source project to test the security of the Internet of Things by breaking it.
An open source project with a shared codebase between Android and iOS, written in Kotlin, for building custom apps for your business.
An open source real-time strategy game engine for building fast-paced multiplayer games.
An open source record player that can play vinyl records by using the needle to transfer sound waves into a digital file.
An open source reimplementation of the classic Infocom adventure game, Zork, written in Python, with all the text, puzzles, and world state.
An open source reimplementation of the original Doom game.
An open source replacement for Amazon Web Services that is built on top of Kubernetes, Terraform, and Docker.
An open source replacement for Electron with an API that's easier to use with native code.
An open source replacement for Google Play that lets you install and update Android apps from the command line.
An open source replacement for the .NET CLR that runs on iOS, Android, Mac, Linux, and Windows.
An open source replacement for the Atom text editor.
An open source replacement for the Google Maps API.
An open source replacement for the MacOS Finder.
An open source replacement for the Minecraft client that supports multiplayer, mods, and more.
An open source replacement for the Salesforce Platform that runs on your own servers.
An open source replacement for the Visual Studio Code editor.
An open source replacement for the default Terminal.app on macOS.
An open source replacement for the default Windows calculator.
An open source replacement for the macOS Activity Monitor with a cleaner look and support for more platforms.
An open source replacement for the macOS Notification Center.
An open source replacement for the original Apple II emulator, AppleWin, written in C++.
An open source replacement for the popular image hosting service Imgur.
An open source replacement for the proprietary VLC video player.
An open source replacement for the proprietary, closed source business chart software used in PowerPoint.
An open source replacement for the standard macOS Calculator app.
An open source replacement for the web interface of Google’s Cloud Platform.
An open source replacement for your favorite IDE written in Python.
An open source repository of solutions to common data science problems.
An open source rewrite of Homebrew written in Go.
An open source rewrite of the third-party Winamp media player, made entirely in JavaScript using Electron.
An open source robot framework that provides a test-driven approach to developing mobile robots.
An open source router for the extreme privacy conscious.
An open source rule engine for Node.js.
An open source script for automatically uploading new videos to YouTube.
An open source self-hosted Slack alternative.
An open source self-hosted email service with a focus on security and privacy.
An open source self-hosted version of the Cloudflare content delivery network.
An open source serverless file hosting service.
An open source service that publishes your open source project to a website.
An open source set of tools for creating and publishing slideshows backed by a community of artists and authors.
An open source simulation of the zombie apocalypse, for testing your emergency survival plan!
An open source simulator that models the way the internet works and allows you to do things like intercepting and altering HTTP requests.
An open source smart home platform, backed by a community of volunteer testers.
An open source social network designed to respect your privacy.
An open source social network that values privacy, security, and user control.
An open source software development kit (SDK) for the BeagleBone Black microcomputer.
An open source software library for the Nintendo Switch gaming console.
An open source software package for building and managing a serverless platform.
An open source software package that allows you to run a full-blown macOS server on a Raspberry Pi.
An open source software platform for the next generation of computer-powered cameras.
An open source software used to create and manage interactive visualizations which run in your browser.
An open source software-defined NAS for people who want the simplicity of a single-piece of hardware but the flexibility of a traditional Linux server.
An open source solitaire game written in Python using Pygame.
An open source solution that allows your favorite apps to send and receive their notifications through the desktop notification center.
An open source spreadsheet program with a WYSIWYG interface, collaborative editing, syntax highlighting, and more.
An open source static analysis tool for detecting security vulnerabilities such as SQL injection, cross-site scripting, cross-site request forgery, and more.
An open source system for managing on-demand, real-time translations across a variety of languages.
An open source system for processing email and SMS messages in a distributed way.
An open source task manager written in Python.
An open source test network for the Ethereum blockchain that provides a safe place to experiment with Ethereum smart contracts.
An open source text editor that provides a great user experience for writing code.
An open source ticketing system for small organizations.
An open source tool for automatically generating installation scripts for open source projects.
An open source tool for automatically scanning GitHub issues for common errors.
An open source tool for automatically testing your Rust code against a large set of code samples.
An open source tool for automatically testing your source code for vulnerabilities.
An open source tool for building your own version of the Slack platform.
An open source tool for collecting and analyzing network statistics on an intranet.
An open source tool for constructing a web-based virtual network, with support for various routing protocols.
An open source tool for converting any text into a set of images with word-level position information.
An open source tool for creating a GitHub Pull Request (PR) review workflow, backed by a large community of volunteer reviewers.
An open source tool for creating a physical button that, when clicked, will run a command in the terminal.
An open source tool for creating text-based games.
An open source tool for decompressing and encrypting .rar archives.
An open source tool for diagnosing performance bottlenecks in your Android application.
An open source tool for eliminating the need to manage a database server and providing an API for quickly and easily storing and retrieving data.
An open source tool for generating a podcast RSS feed from a plain text file.
An open source tool for generating stories and scenarios from a database of facts.
An open source tool for high-quality, high-speed, large-scale image processing and analysis.
An open source tool for improving the security and privacy of the HTTPS connections on your website.
An open source tool for inspecting and manipulating the DOM in Chrome and Firefox.
An open source tool for keeping your data safe while working on a public computer.
An open source tool for making 3D games.
An open source tool for managing and deploying virtual machines through the cloud.
An open source tool for managing the process of security testing a web application.
An open source tool for managing the software that runs on your smart home devices.
An open source tool for monitoring your website and alerting you when it's down.
An open source tool for performing security tests on the messages sent to and from your app.
An open source tool for querying and visualizing the contents of SQLite databases.
An open source tool for stitching images together into a seamless 360° panorama.
An open source tool for working with the Steam Workshop.
An open source tool that generates a random password and displays the generated password along with several variations.
An open source toolkit for building cross-platform, high-performance applications for iOS, Android, and WebAssembly.
An open source user interface for the NCBI taxonomy database.
An open source utility for generating realistic looking source text for arbitrary languages from a seed source text.
An open source version of AWS DeepLens.
An open source version of AWS's DeepLens computer vision camera.
An open source version of Amazon Sumerian, the browser-based platform for creating and hosting virtual reality content.
An open source version of Amazon's Alexa Skills Kit.
An open source version of Amazon's Mechanical Turk.
An open source version of Azure Media Services.
An open source version of BitTorrent Sync, built with the Go programming language and a distributed hash table built with MongoDB.
An open source version of Carbonite that lets you back up to the cloud and restore from the cloud.
An open source version of Countly.
An open source version of Docker that runs without privileged access to the host machine.
An open source version of Elance or Freelancer, written in Elixir.
An open source version of Evernote that doesn't suck and keeps your information on your own servers.
An open source version of Facebook Paper that allows you to build your own custom publication platform.
An open source version of Facebook's React Native mobile development framework.
An open source version of Flow.
An open source version of GitHub Issues.
An open source version of GitLab that runs on your own servers.
An open source version of GitLab.
An open source version of Gmail that uses Python to run on Google's servers.
An open source version of Gmail written in Go.
An open source version of Gmail written in JavaScript.
An open source version of Google Assistant, with support for smart home automation, visual search, and more.
An open source version of Google Chrome that has built-in privacy features.
An open source version of Google Classroom.
An open source version of Google Cloud Functions.
An open source version of Google Forms that allows users to edit forms with their own form editor.
An open source version of Google Forms that has a public API and can be hosted on your own servers.
An open source version of Google Inbox.
An open source version of Google Sheets that's backed by a huge community of volunteer testers.
An open source version of Google Street View for your local area.
An open source version of Google Street View.
An open source version of Google Tag Manager.
An open source version of Google Wifi, a family of wireless routers for homes, offices, and large buildings.
An open source version of Google's AMP project written in Python, C++, and JavaScript.
An open source version of Google’s AMP platform.
An open source version of Google’s Chrome browser with built-in cryptocurrency mining protection.
An open source version of InVision.
An open source version of Jekyll for static site generation.
An open source version of Launchpad.
An open source version of MailChimp, the email marketing service.
An open source version of Marvel Puzzle Quest that runs on iOS, Android, and Linux.
An open source version of Medium that is focused on privacy and security.
An open source version of Microsoft Flow for managing workflows.
An open source version of Microsoft Teams that runs on your own hardware.
An open source version of Microsoft Teams.
An open source version of Microsoft’s Continuum.
An open source version of MongoDB.
An open source version of OS X Finder.
An open source version of OneNote.
An open source version of Outlook.com with a focus on usability and security.
An open source version of PayPal that can run on your own servers and is free for non-profit organizations.
An open source version of Paypal.
An open source version of Periscope for live broadcasting to your own website.
An open source version of Photoshop, Gimp, or Pixelmator.
An open source version of Riot, the chat client for the popular game League of Legends.
An open source version of Sentry that provides real-time event tracking and logging for JavaScript applications.
An open source version of Slack for the Matrix protocol.
An open source version of Slack that uses the OTR encryption protocol.
An open source version of Slack with many privacy focused features.
An open source version of Slack, written in Go.
An open source version of Slack.
An open source version of Spotify that runs on your own hardware.
An open source version of Spotify, including a desktop app, web player, and mobile apps.
An open source version of Stack Overflow.
An open source version of Stripe that allows you to accept credit card payments using your own server.
An open source version of Ulysses.
An open source version of Windows on Mac or Linux.
An open source version of Wire that offers end-to-end encryption.
An open source version of WordPress, written in Python or PHP, that can be self-hosted and which supports plugins.
An open source version of Wunderlist that seamlessly syncs our data to the cloud.
An open source version of a Google Analytics alternative that offers more privacy and control.
An open source version of a minimal WordPress theme.
An open source version of a popular paper writing service.
An open source version of the AWS API Gateway serverless service.
An open source version of the AWS API Gateway service that does not require you to use AWS.
An open source version of the AWS AppSync service.
An open source version of the AWS Cloud9 IDE.
An open source version of the AWS Cloud9 integrated development environment.
An open source version of the AWS CloudFormation serverless service.
An open source version of the AWS CloudSearch serverless search service.
An open source version of the AWS CloudWatch service.
An open source version of the AWS Command Line Interface.
An open source version of the AWS DynamoDB NoSQL database.
An open source version of the AWS ECS service.
An open source version of the AWS Elastic Beanstalk PaaS service.
An open source version of the AWS Elastic Beanstalk serverless service.
An open source version of the AWS Elastic Beanstalk service.
An open source version of the AWS Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2).
An open source version of the AWS Greengrass service.
An open source version of the AWS IoT Core serverless platform.
An open source version of the AWS IoT button.
An open source version of the AWS IoT console.
An open source version of the AWS Key Management Service.
An open source version of the AWS Lambda serverless service that is written in Rust.
An open source version of the AWS Lambda serverless service that runs entirely on your local machine.
An open source version of the AWS Lambda serverless service that runs on Linux.
An open source version of the AWS Lambda serverless service with datasets and auxiliary services for machine learning.
An open source version of the AWS Lambda serverless service written in Go.
An open source version of the AWS Lambda serverless service written in Rust.
An open source version of the AWS Lambda serverless service, written in Rust.
An open source version of the AWS Lambda service that runs on your local computer or virtual machine.
An open source version of the AWS S3 storage service.
An open source version of the AWS Serverless Application Repository (SAM).
An open source version of the AWS Simple Notification Service.
An open source version of the AWS serverless, serverless computing service.
An open source version of the Adobe Voice desktop app.
An open source version of the Airtable base for organizing and managing data.
An open source version of the Alexa Voice Service.
An open source version of the Amazon CloudFront CDN.
An open source version of the Amazon Echo, written in Node.js
An open source version of the Amazon Fire TV Stick.
An open source version of the Amazon ML service, with additional datasets, models, and tutorials.
An open source version of the Amazon S3 storage service.
An open source version of the Apple News app.
An open source version of the Apple Swift Playgrounds iPad app.
An open source version of the Apple Watch Activity app, with a focus on privacy and a better user experience.
An open source version of the Apple Watch app Workout.
An open source version of the Apple Watch's Activity app that tracks your fitness and health goals.
An open source version of the Apple Watch.
An open source version of the Babel compiler with built-in support for TypeScript and Flow.
An open source version of the Box.com cloud storage service.
An open source version of the Chrome OS.
An open source version of the Chrome extension, uBlock Origin.
An open source version of the Chromium web browser, written in C++.
An open source version of the Cloud9 IDE.
An open source version of the Draft project, a web-based writing application with Markdown preview, version control, and more.
An open source version of the Elasticsearch search engine, with a focus on high availability and scalability.
An open source version of the Elasticsearch search engine.
An open source version of the Facebook Messenger desktop application.
An open source version of the Flying Spaghetti Monster operating system.
An open source version of the G Suite productivity suite.
An open source version of the GitHub bug tracker.
An open source version of the Google App Engine Python runtime, with a focus on security, high performance, and ease of use.
An open source version of the Google App Engine platform.
An open source version of the Google Assistant for Linux.
An open source version of the Google Assistant that runs on your own server.
An open source version of the Google Assistant.
An open source version of the Google Chromecast device.
An open source version of the Google Chromecasts apps, written in Go.
An open source version of the Google Cloud Machine Learning Engine.
An open source version of the Google Cloud Platform.
An open source version of the Google Cloud Vision API.
An open source version of the Google Drive service, built using a combination of Go and Haskell.
An open source version of the Google Earth desktop application written in Python.
An open source version of the Google Inbox web app.
An open source version of the Google Maps API for Ruby.
An open source version of the Google Maps API.
An open source version of the Google Material Design color palette.
An open source version of the Google Measure app.
An open source version of the Google Pay app.
An open source version of the Google Pixel Launcher.
An open source version of the Google Prediction API that uses TensorFlow as the machine learning engine.
An open source version of the Google Speech-to-Text service.
An open source version of the Google TensorFlow machine learning library, written in Python.
An open source version of the Google Voice Text-to-Speech API.
An open source version of the IBM Cloud Functions serverless service.
An open source version of the IBM Watson Conversation Service.
An open source version of the Instagram app that doesn't sell your data to a company that sells your data to companies.
An open source version of the Keepass password manager.
An open source version of the LEAP authentication protocol.
An open source version of the Librato metrics and monitoring service.
An open source version of the Linux distribution Elementary OS.
An open source version of the MacOS Mojave Dark Mode.
An open source version of the Minecraft server.
An open source version of the Netflix user interface.
An open source version of the Nintendo Switch emulator, written in C++.
An open source version of the OS X software update tool.
An open source version of the Oculus Rift VR headset.
An open source version of the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset.
An open source version of the OkCupid dating website.
An open source version of the PhotoShop clone Pixelmator.
An open source version of the Postmates API.
An open source version of the QuickTime player and framework with support for playing back many different video formats.
An open source version of the Salesforce Lightning Design System, with a focus on accessibility.
An open source version of the Salesforce Lightning Platform.
An open source version of the Salesforce Lightning Web Component Builder.
An open source version of the Shopify store builder.
An open source version of the Slack API, written in Go.
An open source version of the Slack chat client.
An open source version of the Slack chat service.
An open source version of the Slack desktop app.
An open source version of the Slack real-time messaging platform.
An open source version of the Stripe API for accepting credit card payments for your website.
An open source version of the Stripe payment API written in Go.
An open source version of the TensorFlow machine learning library.
An open source version of the Todoist task management web app.
An open source version of the Trello organizational tool.
An open source version of the Trello web app.
An open source version of the Twilio wrapper for Node.js that uses an existing API key.
An open source version of the Twitch chat client.
An open source version of the Twitter Bootstrap front-end framework.
An open source version of the U.S. census to help answer the question: What would the U.S. look like if we removed everyone who’s not white?
An open source version of the UNIX grep command for searching through a set of files for lines that match a given pattern.
An open source version of the Visual Studio Code text editor.
An open source version of the Windows 7 or 10 desktop, including the default applications and Microsoft Store apps.
An open source version of the Windows Autopilot and Reset.
An open source version of the X11 windowing system for macOS, Windows, and Linux.
An open source version of the Xcode IDE for Apple’s Swift programming language.
An open source version of the Zulip chat server.
An open source version of the academic publishing platform PubPub.
An open source version of the classic board game Mastermind.
An open source version of the cloud music player, based on Electron and Web Assembly.
An open source version of the content management system Squarespace.
An open source version of the design system at Medium.
An open source version of the famous 2048 game written in JavaScript.
An open source version of the famous Hollywood sign that lights up in response to public tweets.
An open source version of the famous game 2048 written in Elixir.
An open source version of the free Zoho Creator office suite.
An open source version of the free, ad-supported VPN service.
An open source version of the game Spelunky.
An open source version of the hardware and software needed to make your own NES Classic Edition console.
An open source version of the iPhone calculator for Linux, Mac, and Windows.
An open source version of the new Microsoft To-Do task tracking app.
An open source version of the next-generation Telegram client.
An open source version of the platform that allows you to listen to music directly from Reddit.
An open source version of the popular 1Password password manager written in Rust.
An open source version of the popular Adobe LiveCycle Data Services.
An open source version of the popular Confluence wiki software.
An open source version of the popular Duolingo language learning app.
An open source version of the popular Git client for Windows, Mac, and Linux, written in TypeScript.
An open source version of the popular IDE, including an integrated terminal and a debugger.
An open source version of the popular Internet Archive Game Launcher.
An open source version of the popular Safari extension, "Block Ads and Trackers."
An open source version of the popular Trello project management tool.
An open source version of the popular app "Flipagram".
An open source version of the popular app, VSCO, for editing photos and adding filters and effects.
An open source version of the popular browser extension Ghostery.
An open source version of the popular data visualization tool Tableau.
An open source version of the popular email client Thunderbird that focuses on providing a great experience for users in China.
An open source version of the popular image editor, GIMP.
An open source version of the popular password manager, 1Password.
An open source version of the popular presentation software Prezi.
An open source version of the popular screencast software, ScreenFlow.
An open source version of the popular text editor Notepad++.
An open source version of the popular video-sharing site Vimeo.
An open source version of the self-hosted version of the GitHub platform.
An open source version of the video game Fortnite.
An open source version of the voting machine used in the Florida 2000 election.
An open source version of the web app nginx.
An open source version of the webhooks that Slack uses to power their real-time messaging system.
An open source video compression library for lossless, lossy, and lossless-lossy compression, with support for 4K and 8K video encoding.
An open source video editing GUI in Python.
An open source video editing app that doesn't suck.
An open source video editing application with a novel UI and design that's as fun to use as it is powerful.
An open source video editing tool with improved usability, made for the web and backed by a strong community.
An open source video editor that's both powerful and easy-to-use.
An open source video game about the 2018 midterm elections.
An open source video game console that runs on a Raspberry Pi and allows you to play NES, SNES, and other classic games.
An open source video game emulator for the NES.
An open source video game engine that helps you quickly prototype and build your own games.
An open source video game engine with a browser-based editor.
An open source video game that teaches you how to code in JavaScript.
An open source video game written in JavaScript that runs on all modern browsers.
An open source video player for Google Cardboard written in Python.
An open source video player for the Raspberry Pi, powered by Element OS.
An open source video transcoder that runs on the desktop and can convert videos into multiple formats.
An open source virtual assistant built on Google Duplex and the Google Assistant SDK.
An open source virtualization solution for Mac OS X.
An open source virus scanner for Windows, macOS, and Linux that is designed to run on a Raspberry Pi.
An open source way to access your computer through your smart phone.
An open source web app for creating, editing, and solving math problems in LaTeX.
An open source web app for people to track their time and money.
An open source web application firewall for detecting and preventing attacks on web applications.
An open source web application firewall that uses machine learning to detect and block attacks.
An open source web application for managing your digital comics collection.
An open source web application that allows users to access their data from any device, anywhere.
An open source web application that allows you to control your smart home devices from your phone or tablet.
An open source web application that allows you to host your own discussion forums.
An open source web application that helps you run your business better by helping you stay organized and get more done.
An open source web browser based on the Blink engine that runs on Linux, macOS, and Windows.
An open source web browser based on the Chromium project.
An open source web browser for iOS.
An open source web browser for the Nintendo Switch.
An open source web browser powered by web standards such as CSS, HTML, and JavaScript.
An open source web browser that protects your privacy while still being fast, stable, and easy to use.
An open source web browser that uses technology from Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome.
An open source web browser that’s fast and easy to use.
An open source web browser with visual programming features like flow-based programming.
An open source web browser written in Rust using the Servo engine.
An open source web chat client with end-to-end encryption.
An open source web framework for .NET.
An open source web framework for building flexible and fast APIs.
An open source web server that allows you to host a variety of static and dynamic web apps with Node.js, Python, PHP, and more.
An open source web-based IDE for coding in your browser without installing any software locally.
An open source web-based IDE for creating, running, and sharing online courses.
An open source web-based IDE for programming the Mycroft voice assistant.
An open source web-based IDE for writing, running, and debugging code in any language, and pairing with a friend.
An open source web-based administrator console for configuring and managing your server.
An open source web-based game engine that works with HTML5 and CSS3.
An open source web-based peer-to-peer file sharing service.
An open source web3 implementation for browsers.
An open source website that lets you do math with other people.
An open source white-label chat app, with Slack-like features and integrations, that can be branded to your site.
An open source, Python-based alternative to Microsoft's Power BI.
An open source, actively supported, fully reliable, and reasonably secure cloud alternative to AWS.
An open source, automated testing tool for finding vulnerabilities in your web app.
An open source, blockchain-based, two-factor authentication system that can be used for any number of applications including email, online banking, etc.
An open source, browser-based, multiplayer text adventure game.
An open source, collaborative textbook for learning how to program.
An open source, community-driven, fully decentralized video sharing website.
An open source, cross-platform game engine.
An open source, cross-platform, and highly extensible Scala IDE.
An open source, cross-platform, web-based IDE for Rust.
An open source, cross-platform, zero-footprint, and zero-configuration SSH client.
An open source, decentralized Twitter clone.
An open source, decentralized version of Reddit.
An open source, decentralized, and distributed social network with end-to-end encryption.
An open source, decentralized, and self-hosted alternative to Google Analytics.
An open source, decentralized, peer-to-peer social network.
An open source, fast, flexible, and secure email service that respects your privacy and is easy to use.
An open source, full-stack alternative to CoderPad that offers a range of features and can run on Windows, Linux, or macOS.
An open source, fully decentralised, completely anonymous and private alternative to Google Search.
An open source, fully decentralized, peer-to-peer Internet.
An open source, multi-platform application for creating and playing anagrams.
An open source, multi-platform, multi-architecture emulator framework that can boot into any of a number of systems, including classic game consoles, calculators, graphing calculators, PDAs, and mobile phones.
An open source, portable, and programmable board game controller.
An open source, protocol-agnostic file sharing application that anyone can add to or modify.
An open source, scalable, distributed SQL database built in Go.
An open source, secure alternative to Slack.
An open source, self-hosted DropBox alternative, written as language-agnostic microservices.
An open source, self-hosted Facebook alternative built with React.
An open source, self-hosted Facebook alternative.
An open source, self-hosted GitHub client written in JavaScript.
An open source, self-hosted Google Analytics alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted Google Calendar alternative.
An open source, self-hosted Google Docs alternative that supports offline editing and collaboration.
An open source, self-hosted Google Spreadsheets alternative that doesn't require a Google account.
An open source, self-hosted RSS reader.
An open source, self-hosted Reddit alternative that blocks tracking ads and keeps your data private.
An open source, self-hosted Slack alternative for teams that want to keep their data on their own servers.
An open source, self-hosted Slack alternative that you host yourself.
An open source, self-hosted Slack alternative that's actually open source and actually free.
An open source, self-hosted Slack competitor that allows you to search through your team's history of messages.
An open source, self-hosted Slack competitor with open-source plugins and a federated design.
An open source, self-hosted Slack replacement that works with a variety of other chat services.
An open source, self-hosted Stripe alternative that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted Stripe-like API that accepts Bitcoin as payment.
An open source, self-hosted Time Machine backup server for your Mac.
An open source, self-hosted Trello clone.
An open source, self-hosted Twilio-like SMS service.
An open source, self-hosted Twitter client that respects your privacy.
An open source, self-hosted Wikipedia alternative.
An open source, self-hosted Wordpress alternative written in PHP with a focus on security, performance, and scalability.
An open source, self-hosted YouTube alternative that allows you to keep your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to AWS Lambda.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Alexa, Google Home, and Siri.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Basecamp.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Cloudinary for managing and serving images.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Facebook or Instagram, written in PHP.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to GitHub Issues.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to GitHub built using GitLab.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to GitHub.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Analytics.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Compute Engine that uses Docker containers to build a private cloud.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Docs.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Drive, Dropbox, and OneDrive.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Drive.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Forms.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Hangouts.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Inbox.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Maps.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Google Sheets.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Heroku that's backed by a community of volunteers.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to LinkedIn and other professional social networks that respects your privacy.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Microsoft Office.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Pocket.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Reddit.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Slack that keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Slack that supports all of its APIs and lets you store your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Slack.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Stripe for accepting credit card payments.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Stripe for accepting payments online.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Stripe.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to Wordpress.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to YouTube written in Node.js and backed by MySQL.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to YouTube.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Alexa Skills Kit.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Authy authentication service.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Google App Engine.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Google Map API.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the JavaScript library JSDuck.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the MessageBird API.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Slack web app.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Spotify streaming music service.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Stripe API.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Stripe credit card payment processing service.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Trello API.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Trello project management tool.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the Twilio API.
An open source, self-hosted alternative to the docker run command that makes it easy to create a containerized, secure, isolated environment in minutes.
An open source, self-hosted app for managing your todo list.
An open source, self-hosted app store like the Mac App Store or the Google Play Store.
An open source, self-hosted application that automatically generates and publishes blog posts for you.
An open source, self-hosted cloud storage solution.
An open source, self-hosted database of movie ratings and reviews.
An open source, self-hosted email client that allows you to send encrypted email to anyone.
An open source, self-hosted email hosting platform that offers full PGP encryption, automated archival, and a simple REST API.
An open source, self-hosted email service that respects your privacy.
An open source, self-hosted email service with a great web interface and support for many email clients.
An open source, self-hosted file synchronization service similar to Dropbox and Google Drive.
An open source, self-hosted replacement for the Chrome extension Privacy Badger.
An open source, self-hosted replacement for the GitHub API using the Git protocol and the Git data model.
An open source, self-hosted service for finding relevant details about a stock symbol, along the lines of Google Finance.
An open source, self-hosted task manager.
An open source, self-hosted version of AWS Lambda written in Go.
An open source, self-hosted version of AdBlock Plus that lets you block ads and tracking across all of your browsers.
An open source, self-hosted version of AdWords.
An open source, self-hosted version of AirBnB that connects hosts and travelers without a middle man.
An open source, self-hosted version of AirBnb.
An open source, self-hosted version of Airtable.
An open source, self-hosted version of Amazon's Alexa API.
An open source, self-hosted version of Amazon's Alexa.
An open source, self-hosted version of Amazon’s Alexa.
An open source, self-hosted version of Arq.
An open source, self-hosted version of Asana.
An open source, self-hosted version of Atom.
An open source, self-hosted version of Clicky for tracking website analytics.
An open source, self-hosted version of Counter.
An open source, self-hosted version of DigitalOcean Spaces.
An open source, self-hosted version of Dropbox that uses a peer-to-peer network for file sharing.
An open source, self-hosted version of Dropbox, written so that the API is accessible to developers.
An open source, self-hosted version of Evernote, written as language-agnostic microservices.
An open source, self-hosted version of Evernote, written in Python and backed by a Postgres database.
An open source, self-hosted version of Facebook for your website.
An open source, self-hosted version of GitHub Enterprise.
An open source, self-hosted version of GitHub Issues.
An open source, self-hosted version of GitHub for projects with open data.
An open source, self-hosted version of GitHub that keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted version of GitHub that supports all of the Git features required to build, test, and deploy open source software.
An open source, self-hosted version of GitHub, written in Go with support for Git, Mercurial, and various other version control systems.
An open source, self-hosted version of GitHub, written in Go.
An open source, self-hosted version of GitHub.
An open source, self-hosted version of Github Issues.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Alerts.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Analytics that helps you track the actions your users take within your site.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Analytics that provides greater privacy.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Analytics, written in Go.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Analytics.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Calendar (similar to Timepage or BusyCal).
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Calendar and Contacts, written as language-agnostic microservices.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Calendar that doesn't require a Google account.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Calendar that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Calendar.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Classroom.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Clips that you can run on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Docs.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Drive or Dropbox, written in Python.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Drive.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Forms, written as language-agnostic microservices.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Keep.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Maps.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google News.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google One, written as language-agnostic microservices.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Photos.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Plus.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Sheets or Excel.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Sheets that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Sheets.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Sites.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Spreadsheets.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Tag Manager.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Translate that keeps your data private and doesn't suck.
An open source, self-hosted version of Google Vision API.
An open source, self-hosted version of GroupMe or Slack that uses your own private server.
An open source, self-hosted version of Home Assistant or Alexa Skills Kit.
An open source, self-hosted version of Hotjar, written in JavaScript and using the same API.
An open source, self-hosted version of Intercom that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted version of Intercom.
An open source, self-hosted version of Logz.io, written in Ruby and with an API.
An open source, self-hosted version of Microsoft Flow that runs on your own hardware.
An open source, self-hosted version of Microsoft Teams.
An open source, self-hosted version of Microsoft To-Do that can be used on mobile devices.
An open source, self-hosted version of Nextdoor.
An open source, self-hosted version of Patreon written in Python.
An open source, self-hosted version of PayPal.
An open source, self-hosted version of Product Hunt.
An open source, self-hosted version of ProtonMail, written in Go.
An open source, self-hosted version of Reddit or Hacker News written in Python.
An open source, self-hosted version of Reddit.
An open source, self-hosted version of Redmine, written as language-agnostic microservices.
An open source, self-hosted version of SendGrid.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack (or the Slack API) written in Elixir.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack built on the Matrix protocol.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack or HipChat with support for group chat, private chat, direct messages, and more.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack that you can run on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack that you run on your own server.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack with powerful encryption and identity management features.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack, with the ability to accept custom integrations.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack, written as language-agnostic microservices.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack, written in Go.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack, written in Ruby on Rails.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack, written in language-agnostic microservices.
An open source, self-hosted version of Slack.
An open source, self-hosted version of Snagit, the screen capture tool.
An open source, self-hosted version of Spotify.
An open source, self-hosted version of Stack Overflow that allows you to ask and answer programming questions.
An open source, self-hosted version of Stripe.
An open source, self-hosted version of SwiftCheck.
An open source, self-hosted version of Trello or Basecamp, backed by a huge community of volunteer testers.
An open source, self-hosted version of Trello or Jira, backed by a huge community of volunteer testers and maintainers.
An open source, self-hosted version of Trello that doesn't suck and keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted version of Trello that lets you keep your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted version of Trello that runs on your computer and in the cloud.
An open source, self-hosted version of Trello written in Ruby on Rails.
An open source, self-hosted version of Trello.
An open source, self-hosted version of Tweetdeck.
An open source, self-hosted version of Twitter that respects your privacy.
An open source, self-hosted version of Twitter.
An open source, self-hosted version of Typeform that doesn't require you to share your data with an external company.
An open source, self-hosted version of Typeform.
An open source, self-hosted version of Unreal Engine 4 with native Linux support and multi-platform multiplayer support.
An open source, self-hosted version of Upwork, written in Node.js.
An open source, self-hosted version of WordPress.
An open source, self-hosted version of Workable, written in Go.
An open source, self-hosted version of Wufoo.
An open source, self-hosted version of YouTube that doesn't suck and doesn't have ads.
An open source, self-hosted version of YouTube that respects your privacy, doesn't track you, and pays you for your content.
An open source, self-hosted version of Zendesk.
An open source, self-hosted version of a popular cloud-based time tracker, written in Go.
An open source, self-hosted version of an image hosting website like imgur.
An open source, self-hosted version of the AWS Lambda serverless service.
An open source, self-hosted version of the AWS Lambda service.
An open source, self-hosted version of the AWS Quick Start Kit.
An open source, self-hosted version of the AWS Serverless Application Model.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Amazon Relational Database Service.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Apple News app.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Apple Store or Android Marketplace.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Apple Store.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Atlassian suite of collaboration tools.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Facebook app.
An open source, self-hosted version of the G Suite applications like Gmail, Calendar, Drive, Docs, Sheets, Slides, Sites, and Forms.
An open source, self-hosted version of the GitHub code repository.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Analytics API.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Analytics Dashboard.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Analytics service.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Classroom service.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Cloud Platform that's easy to install, configure, and use.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Drive API.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Keep app, written in JavaScript.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google News console.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Play Store.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Play store.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Sheets API.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Sheets spreadsheet app.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Google Speech-to-Text API.
An open source, self-hosted version of the HashiCorp Consul web UI, written with a focus on performance.
An open source, self-hosted version of the InVision prototyping and collaboration tool.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Jetpack plugin for WordPress, written as language-agnostic microservices.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Mac App Store written in Python.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Microsoft Bot Framework.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Mixpanel analytics tool.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Roomba intelligent vacuum cleaner.
An open source, self-hosted version of the S3 cloud storage service from Amazon that offers many of the same features as Amazon S3.
An open source, self-hosted version of the SacconeJolys.com website.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Scrum platform currently only available from Atlassian.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Shopify e-commerce platform.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Slack chat application.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Slack messaging platform.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Slack service that supports the Slack API.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Stripe API.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Trello board game.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Trello interface.
An open source, self-hosted version of the Twilio API.
An open source, self-hosted version of the WordPress content management system that users can install on their own servers.
An open source, self-hosted version of the XKCD survey.
An open source, self-hosted version of the YouTube Android app.
An open source, self-hosted version of the content recommendation API used by Reddit, HackerNews, and others.
An open source, self-hosted version of the iCloud service that keeps your data on your own servers.
An open source, self-hosted version of the iOS and Android app, Flipboard.
An open source, self-hosted version of the popular customer service tool Zendesk.
An open source, self-hosted version of the popular web-based productivity tool Trello.
An open source, self-hosted version of uHunt or HackerRank, written as language-agnostic microservices.
An open source, self-hosted web application firewall written in Rust for blocking exploits and preventing denial of service attacks.
An open source, self-hosted, YouTube-like service for videos.
An open source, self-hosted, dashboard for managing your GitHub issues.
An open source, self-hosted, decentralized version of Wikipedia.
An open source, self-hosted, email to SMS gateway.
An open source, self-hosted, encrypted alternative to the Google Maps API.
An open source, self-hosted, free alternative to GitHub Issues.
An open source, self-hosted, full-stack alternative to Slack.
An open source, self-hosted, privacy-centric, and secure alternative to Google Search.
An open source, self-hosted, self-hostile version of Facebook.
An open source, self-hosted, user management service, like Google Accounts or GitHub accounts.
An open source, user-friendly, Python-based IDE for Ethereum.
An open source, web-based graphical programming environment for the Nintendo 2DS and 3DS.
An open source, web-based service for managing your goals and tasks.
An open source, web-based, and self-hosted alternative to the Google Play store.
An open source-based version of GameMaker Studio 2.
An open-source alternative to Microsoft Project.
An open-source alternative to the Google Maps JavaScript API.
An open-source chess engine using machine learning techniques to improve performance.
An open-source domain name registrar with a focus on privacy and security.
An open-source framework for building and deploying machine learning models backed by Docker and Kubernetes.
An open-source library for building visual user interfaces for web applications.
An open-source platform for building, training, and deploying conversational AI applications on a single chat interface.
An open-source platform for turning your phone into a smart home controller.
An open-source project that analyzes the data from a FitBit or similar and helps you to optimize your health routine.
An open-source replacement for the default Android browser that does not track you and uses less data.
An open-source replacement for the lint command line tool in the style of JSLint.
An open-source self-hosted email service, with an emphasis on security and privacy.
An open-source self-hosted version of Docker Trusted Registry on Amazon EC2.
An open-source tool for building a custom Chrome or Firefox browser based on the open source Chromium browser.
An open-source version of LinkedIn that doesn't suck.
An open-source version of the popular music player Spotify, built in React and Node.js.
An open-source, browser-based tool for creating and sharing interactive data visualizations.
An open-source, self-hosted alternative to the Twilio API.
An open-source, self-hosted replacement for Slack made with React and Electron.
An open-source, self-hosted version of Anki that can sync your flashcards to the cloud.
An open-source, self-hosted, premium-level chat application for businesses that want to keep their data private.
An open-source, self-hosted, privacy-focused social network for developers.
An operating system for embedded devices written in Rust.
An operating system for microcontrollers that is easy to use, and runs on low-cost hardware.
An operating system for the Raspberry Pi that looks and works like macOS.
An operating system for the Raspberry Pi that offers many of the same features as macOS, including Homebrew.
An operating system for the Raspberry Pi that uses the Epoch real-time operating system.
An ultra-secure C++ text editor.
An up-to-date and comprehensive list of all the open source projects that are working on privacy and security.
Another open source library for converting your car into a self-driving vehicle, backed by a huge community of volunteer testers.
Any open source projects that are currently broken that you would like to fix.
Browser extensions that prevent advertisers and other third parties from tracking the websites you visit.
Cleverbot-like chatbot written in Ruby that is powered by the Bing search engine.
Completely open source, web-based SourceTree alternative that runs in your browser.
Cross-platform Rust-based library for reading and writing Wavefront OBJ files.
Follow-up project to Coursera's Neural Networks for Machine Learning course, that covers applications of neural networks to real-world problems.
Live status updates of your car and its electronic components, such as the battery, fuel, and oil, as well as vehicle status information such as the speed, location, and RPM.
Online tools to generate and export PDFs from any website.
Open source hardware and software for a self-driving car.
Open source operating system for the BBC micro:bit.
Open source software that can be used to create, edit, and play back MIDI files.
Open source software that generates a complete training environment for new developers, including all the tools and resources they need to get started.
The best open source to-do list manager.
The first open source game in the world of The Internet.
The open source version of Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides.
The world’s most advanced text editor.
This project is a port of the popular open source password manager KeePass to the macOS platform.
